1styearteachingms-hs	First Year Teaching (Secondary Grades) - Success from the Start		New Teacher Center	Success with your students starts on Day 1. Learn from NTC's 25 years developing key skills and strategies to create positive, productive classroom environments where students thrive.  Build relationships with Secondary Grade (6-12) students, establish and maintain behavioral expectations, implement classroom procedures and routines, and use instructional time effectively.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
4dimensions	Climate Change in Four Dimensions		University of California, San Diego 	This course views climate change from a variety of perspectives at the intersection of the natural sciences, technology, and the social sciences and humanities. 	Economics & Finance, Health & Society, Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences, Law, Energy & Earth Sciences
911aftermath	9/11 and Its Aftermath -- Part I		Duke University	This course will explore the forces that led to the 9/11 attacks and the policies the United States adopted in response. We will examine the phenomenon of modern terrorism, the development of the al Qai'da ideology, and the process by which individuals radicalize towards violence. 	Social Sciences
GTG	Grow to Greatness: Smart Growth for Private Businesses, Part II	Edward D. Hess	University of Virginia	This course focuses on the common human resource ("people") challenges faced by existing private businesses when they attempt to grow substantially. PART 1 OF THE GROW TO GREATNESS COURSE IS NOT A PREREQUISITE FOR TAKING THIS COURSE.	Business & Management
abcemprendimiento	El ABC del emprendimiento esbelto 	Sergio  Ortiz Valdés	Tecnológico de Monterrey	A través de diferentes actividades de campo el participante vive personalmente el proceso emprendedor, aprendiendo los conceptos del curso principalmente con base en la experimentación. 	
aboriginaled	Aboriginal Worldviews and Education	Jean-Paul Restoule	University of Toronto	This course will explore indigenous ways of knowing and how this knowledge can inform education to the benefit of all students.	Humanities , Education
ac	Analytic Combinatorics		Princeton University	Analytic Combinatorics teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. This course introduces the symbolic method to derive functional relations among ordinary, exponential, and multivariate generating functions, and methods in complex analysis for deriving accurate asymptotics from the GF equations.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics
accountabletalk	Accountable Talk®: Conversation that Works	Lauren Resnick and Jennifer  Zoltners Sherer	University of Pittsburgh	Designed for teachers and learners in every setting - in school and out, in formal learning environments or at home - this course is an introduction to the theory and practice of well-structured talk that builds the mind.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
accounting	An Introduction to Financial Accounting	Brian J Bushee	University of Pennsylvania	This course will improve your fluency in financial accounting, the language of business.  You will learn how to read, understand, and analyze most of the information provided by companies in their financial statements.  These skills will help you make more informed decisions using financial information.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
addictedbrain	The Addicted Brain		Emory University	This is a course about addiction to drugs and other behaviors. It will describe what happens in the brain and how this information helps us deal with and overcome addiction.  	Humanities , Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences
adhd	"Pay Attention!!" ADHD Through the Lifespan	Anthony L. Rostain	University of Pennsylvania	This course reviews current scientific knowledge and clinical approaches to Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and examines its impact on development, functioning and health outcomes.	Medicine
advancedchemistry	Advanced Chemistry		University of Kentucky	This course is designed to look at the topics covered in advanced high school chemistry courses, correlating to the standard topics as established by the American Chemical Society.  Engaging instruction and supplemental video demonstrations are designed to help prepare students for college level chemistry.	Chemistry
advancedvirtual	Advanced Instructional Strategies in the Virtual Classroom		University of California, Irvine		
advcompstrategy	Advanced Competitive Strategy		Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)	In seven brand new modules, you will learn necessary tools to examine complex competitive situations and find solutions for them. This course is designed for those who are eager to find out more about how companies choose strategies to obtain competitive advantage.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
afp21stcentury	21st Century American Foreign Policy		Duke University	What is American foreign policy? Who makes it? Why is it the way it is? How does it affect the rest of the world? Professor Bruce Jentleson has taught the subject for over 30 years, written one of the leading books on it, and has served in numerous U.S. foreign policy positions.	Social Sciences
aids	AIDS	Kimberley Sessions Hagen	Emory University	This course will discuss HIV/AIDS in the US and around the world including its history, science, and culture as well as developments in behavioral and biomedical prevention, experimental AIDS vaccines, and clinical care issues. The course will also include a discussion of the populations that are particularly vulnerable to HIV/AIDS and a look at future challenges facing people infected and affected by the AIDS pandemic.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
aiplan	Artificial Intelligence Planning	Gerhard Wickler and Austin Tate	The University of Edinburgh	The course aims to provide a foundation in artificial intelligence techniques for planning, with an overview of the wide spectrum of different problems and approaches, including their underlying theory and their applications.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
algebra	Intermediate Algebra	Sarah Eichhorn and Rachel Cohen Lehman	University of California, Irvine	This course is taught so that students will acquire a solid foundation in algebra. The course concentrates on the various functions that are important to the study of calculus.	Mathematics
algo	Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 1	Tim Roughgarden	Stanford University	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of algorithm design: divide-and-conquer methods, graph algorithms, practical data structures (heaps, hash tables, search trees), randomized algorithms, and more.	Computer Science: Theory
algo2	Algorithms: Design and Analysis, Part 2	Tim Roughgarden	Stanford University	In this course you will learn several fundamental principles of advanced algorithm design: greedy algorithms and applications; dynamic programming and applications; NP-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer; the design and analysis of heuristics; and more.	Computer Science: Theory
algoprog	Conception et mise en œuvre d'algorithmes.	Dominique Rossin and Benjamin Werner	École Polytechnique	Modéliser un problème, concevoir un algorithme de résolution et en proposer une implémentation correcte. Du problème à sa solution, ce cours combine approches pragmatique, pratique et théorique de l'informatique.	Computer Science: Theory
algorithmicthink	Algorithmic Thinking		Rice University	Experienced Computer Scientists analyze and solve computational problems at a level of abstraction that is beyond that of any particular programming language.  This class is designed to train students in the mathematical concepts and process of "Algorithmic Thinking", allowing them to build simpler, more efficient solutions to computational problems. 	Computer Science: Theory
algs4partI	Algorithms, Part I	Kevin Wayne and Robert Sedgewick	Princeton University	This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations. Part I covers basic iterable data types, sorting, and searching algorithms.	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Software Engineering
algs4partII	Algorithms, Part II	Kevin Wayne and Robert Sedgewick	Princeton University	This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures, with emphasis on applications and scientific performance analysis of Java implementations.	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Software Engineering
americandisease	The American Disease: Drugs and Drug Control in the USA		University of Florida	This online course introduces the history and practice of drug policy. Students will learn about drug laws and their origins, and the complex task of drug policy analysis. The course also tackles contemporary issues in drug control, such as marijuana policy and prescription drug misuse.	Medicine, Health & Society
amnhearth	The Dynamic Earth: A Course for Educators		American Museum of Natural History	How and why is the Earth constantly changing? How do scientists reconstruct events in Earth's geologic history? This course explores the origin and evolution of the Earth and provides resources for educational use.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Education, Teacher Professional Development
amnhevolution	Evolution: A Course for Educators		American Museum of Natural History	How are all of the species living on Earth today related? How does understanding evolutionary science contribute to our well-being? In this course, participants will learn about evolutionary relationships, population genetics, and natural and artificial selection. Participants will explore evolutionary science and learn how to integrate it into their classrooms.	Biology & Life Sciences, Education, Teacher Professional Development
amnhgenetics	Genetics and Society: A Course for Educators		American Museum of Natural History	How have advances in genetics affected society? What do we need to know to make ethical decisions about genetic technologies? This course includes the study of cloning, genetic enhancement, and ownership of genetic information. Course participants will acquire the tools to explore the ethics of modern genetics and learn how to integrate these issues into their classrooms.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Education, Teacher Professional Development
analysenumerique	Analyse Numérique pour Ingénieurs	Marco Picasso	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours contient les 7 premiers chapitres d'un cours donné aux étudiants bachelor de l'EPFL. Il est basé sur le livre "Introduction à l'analyse numérique", J. Rappaz M. Picasso, Ed. PPUR. Des outils de base sont décrits dans les 5 premiers chapitres. Les deux derniers chapitres abordent la question de la résolution numérique d'équations différentielles.  	Mathematics
analyticalchem	Analytical Chemistry / Instrumental Analysis	Vicki Colvin	Rice University	If chemistry is the science of stuff, then analytical chemistry answers the question: what is it? And how much of it do you have? This course teaches how to do this with instrumental analysis! 	Chemistry
analyze	Analyzing the Universe	Terry A. Matilsky	Rutgers University	Using publicly available data from NASA of actual satellite observations of astronomical  x-ray sources, we explore some of the mysteries of the cosmos, including neutron stars, black holes, quasars and supernovae.	Physics
ancientgreeks	The Ancient Greeks	Andrew Szegedy-Maszak	Wesleyan University	This is a survey of ancient Greek history from the Bronze Age to the death of Socrates in 399 BCE. Along with studying the most important events and personalities, we will consider broader issues such as political and cultural values and methods of historical interpretation. 	Humanities 
ancientnubia	The Art and Archaeology of Ancient Nubia		Emory University	This course examines the development of the art and architecture of the cultures of ancient Nubia through what we have learned from archaeology and how that evidence has helped us create the picture we now have of the culture and history of the birth and development of art and civilization in the Nile Valley. 	Humanities , Social Sciences, Arts
android	Programming Mobile Applications for Android Handheld Systems		University of Maryland, College Park	Introduction to the design and implementation of applications for handheld systems, such as smartphones and tablets, running the Android Platform.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Software Engineering
androidapps101	Creative, Serious and Playful Science of Android Apps	Lawrence Angrave	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	This course introduces the fundamental computer science principles that power today’s apps. You will also learn to create your own Android app using Java and standard software development tools.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
animal	Animal Behaviour and Welfare		The University of Edinburgh	Animal welfare has been described as a complex, multi-faceted public policy issue which includes important scientific, ethical, and other dimensions. Improving our understanding of  animal welfare, involves the fascinating study of animal behavior as well as the challenge of accessing the emotions of animals. 	Biology & Life Sciences
animalbehav	Animal Behaviour	Raoul Mulder and Mark Elgar	The University of Melbourne	This course will help you understand the remarkable behaviors of wild animals from an evolutionary perspective.   [Image: Peacock spider. Photo by Jürgen Otto, Manakin bird footage (Ex-Riddle of the Sexes) reproduced with permission, courtesy of BBC Worldwide Ltd]	Biology & Life Sciences
antimicrobial	Antimicrobial Stewardship: Optimization of Antibiotic Practices	Stan Deresinski	Stanford University	Internet Enduring Material Sponsored by:  Stanford University School of Medicine // Presented by: The Division of Infectious Diseases in the Department of Medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine 	Medicine
aofa	Analysis of Algorithms		Princeton University	This course teaches a calculus that enables precise quantitative predictions of large combinatorial structures. In addition, this course covers generating functions and real asymptotics and then introduces the symbolic method in the context of applications in the analysis of algorithms and basic structures such as permutations, trees, strings, words, and mappings.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics
aoo	面向对象技术高级课程（The Advanced Object-Oriented Technology）		Peking University	通过大量、丰富、完整、不同领域、应用不同技术的案例，深入、完整地讲解当今主流的面向对象软件开发方法的分析、设计及实现方法。	Computer Science: Software Engineering
apcalc	Preparing for the AP* Calculus AB and BC Exams		University of Houston System	This six week course will help students prepare for the AP* Calculus AB Exam.  * AP Calculus is a registered trademark of the College Board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product.	Mathematics
apstat	Preparing for the AP* Statistics Exam		University of Houston System	This course is designed for high school students preparing to take the AP* Statistics Exam.  * AP Statistics is a registered trademark of the College Board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product.	Mathematics, Statistics and Data Analysis
art	Introduction to Art: Concepts & Techniques	Anna Divinsky	The Pennsylvania State University	Learn to identify and define various art movements, artists, and their artworks. Convey a personal appreciation for art concepts, techniques, and approaches through the creation and sharing of your own original artwork.	Humanities , Arts
artactivity	Art & Activity: Interactive Strategies for Engaging with Art		The Museum of Modern Art	Art can be a powerful catalyst for building skills and understanding across a wide range of subjects. Intended for primary and secondary teachers from all disciplines, Art & Activity builds upon the inquiry-based approaches of Art and Inquiry: Museum Teaching Strategies for Your Classroom, while delving into activity-based strategies that will make your students empowered participants in their own learning. 	Humanities , Education, Arts, Teacher Professional Development
arthistory	艺术史		Peking University	    本课程将以“中国的眼光，现代的立场”来重新阐释“世界艺术史”的概念，并具体陈述西方艺术与中国艺术在理念和创作方法上的区别，进而通过艺术史如何建造一条各文明之间互相理解、互相尊重的道路。	Arts
artificialvision	Discrete Inference and Learning in Artificial Vision		École Centrale Paris	We will present the state of the art energy minimization algorithms that are used to perform inference in modern artificial vision models: that is, efficient methods for obtaining the most likely interpretation of a given visual input. We will also cover the popular max-margin framework for estimating the model parameters using inference.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
artinquiry	Art and Inquiry: Museum Teaching Strategies For Your Classroom 		The Museum of Modern Art	Explore how to integrate works of art into your classroom with inquiry-based teaching methods originally developed for in-gallery museum education.	Humanities , Education, Arts, Teacher Professional Development
assetpricing	Asset Pricing		The University of Chicago	This course is an introductory survey of graduate-level academic asset pricing. We will focus on building the intuition and deep understanding of how the theory works, how to use it, and how to connect it to empirical facts.  	Economics & Finance, Mathematics, Business & Management
astrobio	Astrobiology and the Search for Extraterrestrial Life	Charles Cockell	The University of Edinburgh	Learn about the origin and evolution of life and the search for life beyond the Earth.	Biology & Life Sciences, Physics
astronomy	Confronting The Big Questions: Highlights of Modern Astronomy	Adam Frank	University of Rochester	An introduction to modern astronomy's most important questions. The four sections of the course are Planets and Life in The Universe; The Life of Stars; Galaxies and Their Environments; The History of The Universe.	Physics
astrotech	AstroTech: The Science and Technology behind Astronomical Discovery		The University of Edinburgh	How astronomy really works - an overview of the technology that astronomers use to collect and measure light from the universe, and how it is used in practice to make scientific discoveries. 	Physical & Earth Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis, Physics
atc21s	Assessment and Teaching of 21st Century Skills		The University of Melbourne	Learn about ways to assess and teach new and emerging 21st century skills: we cover the nature of these skills, alternative methods of assessment, interpretation and reporting of assessments, and their implications for teaching.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
audiomusicengpart1	Fundamentals of Audio and Music Engineering: Part 1 Musical Sound & Electronics	Robert  Clark and Mark  Bocko	University of Rochester	In this course students learn the basic concepts of acoustics and electronics and how they can applied to understand musical sound and make music with electronic instruments.  Topics include: sound waves, musical sound, basic electronics, and applications of these basic principles in amplifiers and speaker design.  	Engineering, Music, Film, and Audio
automata	Automata	Jeffrey Ullman, Professor	Stanford University	This course covers finite automata, context-free grammars, Turing machines, undecidable problems, and intractable problems (NP-completeness).	Computer Science: Theory
basicwriting	Crafting an Effective Writer: Tools of the Trade (Fundamental English Writing)	Lawrence (Larry) Barkley and Ted Blake	Mt. San Jacinto College	Learn to become an effective builder of sentences using the basic tools of English grammar, punctuation, and writing.  This is a fundamental English writing course.  Next Session:  June 20, 2014	Humanities 
beatles	The Music of the Beatles		University of Rochester	The Music of the Beatles will track the musical development of the band, starting from the earliest days in Liverpool and Hamburg, moving through the excitement of Beatlemania, the rush of psychedelia, and the musical maturity of Abbey Road. 	Music, Film, and Audio
beethovensonatas	Exploring Beethoven’s Piano Sonatas	Jonathan Biss	Curtis Institute of Music	A series of lectures on one of the greatest bodies of music ever composed, from the point of view of a performer. Each lecture will explore a different facet of the music; all will attempt to locate the source of the tremendous psychological power of Beethoven’s music.	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
behavioralecon	A Beginner's Guide to Irrational Behavior	Dan Ariely	Duke University	Behavioral economics couples scientific research on the psychology of decision making with economic theory to better understand what motivates financial decisions. In A Beginner’s Guide to Irrational Behavior, you will learn about some of the many ways in which we behave in less than rational ways, and how we might overcome our shortcomings. You’ll also learn about cases where our irrationalities work in our favor, and how we can harness these human tendencies to make better decisions.	Economics & Finance, Humanities , Health & Society, Business & Management, Social Sciences
behavioralgenetics	Introduction to Human Behavioral Genetics		University of Minnesota	Behavioral genetic methodologies from twin and adoption studies through DNA analysis will be described and applied to address longstanding questions about the origins of individual differences in behavioral traits.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences
behaviorprinciples	Applying Principles of Behavior in the K-12 Classroom		University of Houston System	In this class you will learn how to conduct a functional behavior assessment (FBA) and apply principles of behavior in the public school classroom in order to promote positive classroom behavior and intervene effectively when faced with challenging behavior.  	Teacher Professional Development
biblefuture	The Bible's Prehistory, Purpose, and Political Future		Emory University	How and why was the Bible written? Drawing on the latest archeological research and a wide range of comparative texts, this course synthesizes fascinating recent research in biblical studies and presents a powerful new thesis: Facing catastrophic defeat, the biblical authors created a new form of community—what today we would call "peoplehood." Their achievements bear directly on modern questions of politics, economics, and theology.	Humanities , Social Sciences
bigbang	From the Big Bang to Dark Energy	Hitoshi Murayama	The University of Tokyo	This course will cover various topics on the discoveries about how the Universe evolved in 13.7 billion years since the Big Bang. 	Physical & Earth Sciences, Physics
bigdata	Web Intelligence and Big Data	Gautam Shroff	Indian Institute of Technology Delhi	This course is about building 'web-intelligence' applications exploiting big data sources arising social media, mobile devices and sensors, using new big-data platforms based on the 'map-reduce' parallel programming paradigm. In the past, this course has been offered at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi as well as the Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
bigidea	What’s Your Big Idea?		The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Whether your interest lies in solving the world’s biggest problems, creating the next commercial success or addressing something closer to home, this course will give you a toolbox to vet your ideas and test them in the real world.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
bioelectricity	Bioelectricity: A Quantitative Approach	Roger Barr	Duke University	Nerves, the heart, and the brain are electrical. How do these things work? This course presents fundamental principles, described quantitatively.	Biology & Life Sciences, Physics
bioinfomethods1	Bioinformatic Methods I		University of Toronto	Use of available (mainly web-based) programs for analyzing biological data. This is an introductory course with a strong emphasis on hands-on methods. Some theory is introduced, but the main focus is on using extant bioinformatics tools to analyze data and generate biological hypotheses.	Biology & Life Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis
bioinfomethods2	Bioinformatic Methods II		University of Toronto	Use of available (mainly web-based) programs for analyzing biological data. This is Part 2 of an introductory course with a strong emphasis on hands-on methods. Some theory is introduced, but the main focus is on using extant bioinformatics tools to analyze data and generate biological hypotheses.	Biology & Life Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis
bioinformatics	Bioinformatics Algorithms (Part 1) 	Pavel  Pevzner and Phillip E. C. Compeau	University of California, San Diego 	This course will cover some of the common algorithms underlying the following fundamental topics in bioinformatics: assembling genomes, comparing DNA and protein sequences,  finding regulatory motifs, analyzing genome rearrangements, identifying proteins, and many other topics. 	Computer Science: Theory, Biology & Life Sciences
biomodeling	Моделирование биологических молекул на GPU (Biomolecular modeling on GPU)		Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology	Моделирование биологических молекул - одна из бурно развивающихся областей современной науки. В курсе даются основы строения биомолекул, примеры применения программных пакетов для молекулярного моделирования, разъясняются подходы к математическому описанию молекулярных систем и разбирается программная реализация этих подходов на центральном и графическом процессорах.	Biology & Life Sciences, Physics, Chemistry
biostats	Mathematical Biostatistics Boot Camp 1	Brian Caffo	Johns Hopkins University	This class presents the fundamental probability and statistical concepts used in elementary data analysis. It will be taught at an introductory level for students with junior or senior college-level mathematical training including a working knowledge of calculus. A small amount of linear algebra and programming are useful for the class, but not required. 	Mathematics, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis
biostats2	Mathematical Biostatistics Boot Camp 2		Johns Hopkins University	Learn fundamental concepts in data analysis and statistical inference, focusing on one and two independent samples.	Information, Tech & Design, Mathematics, Health & Society
bizsociety	New Models of Business in Society	R. Edward Freeman	University of Virginia	Examine the critical role that business plays in society, and learn about the exciting new models of business that are changing the way that companies create value.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management, Social Sciences
bluebrain	Synapses, Neurons and Brains 	Idan Segev	Hebrew University of Jerusalem	You will become intimately acquainted with the operational principles of neuronal “life-ware” (synapses, neurons and the networks that they form) as well as with recent ideas about how the dynamics of these networks generate the “neuronal code.”  As an aperitif we will highlight present brain-excitements and for dessert we will discuss the future of brain research 	Biology & Life Sciences
brainspace	The Brain and Space		Duke University	This course is about how the brain creates our sense of spatial location from a variety of sensory and motor sources, and how this spatial sense in turn shapes our cognitive abilities.	Biology & Life Sciences
businessandphilo	On Strategy : What Managers Can Learn from Great Philosophers		École Centrale Paris	In the expression “creative thinking”, the keyword is not creativity; the keyword is thinking. With the help of great philosophers, you will rediscover the art of thinking.	Business & Management
calc1	Calculus One	Jim Fowler, Ph.D.	The Ohio State University	Calculus One is a first introduction to differential and integral calculus, emphasizing engaging examples from everyday life.	Mathematics
calcsing	Calculus: Single Variable	Robert Ghrist	University of Pennsylvania	This course provides a brisk, challenging, and dynamic treatment of differential and integral calculus, with an emphasis on conceptual understanding and applications to the engineering, physical, and social sciences.	Mathematics
calvin	Calvin - Histoire et réception d'une Réforme	Christophe Chalamet, Michel Grandjean, François Dermange and Sarah Nicolet	University of Geneva	Course in French with English subtitles --  Ce cours introduit à la vie et à la pensée du réformateur Jean Calvin (1509-1564) ainsi qu’à son influence sur le monde moderne et contemporain. La démarche proposée se veut critique, il ne s’agit ni de canoniser ni de condamner Calvin, mais de comprendre sa pensée avec toute la distance requise et d’en analyser les enjeux. -- This course is an introduction to the life and thought of the reformer John Calvin (1509-1564) and to his influence on the modern and contemporary world. The approach we develop is critical:  we intend neither to canonize nor to condemn Calvin or his thought. Our goal, rather, is to avoid any rash evaluation in order to understand his thought and analyze the issues at stake in it.	Humanities 
cardiacarrest	Cardiac Arrest, Hypothermia, and Resuscitation Science		University of Pennsylvania	This course will explore new breakthroughs in the treatment of patients during cardiac arrest and after successful resuscitation, including new approaches to cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and post-arrest care.	Medicine
career	Enhance Your Career and Employability Skills		University of London	Learn how to make effective decisions about your future career and how to take control your professional development by honing your critical thinking and employability skills. Suitable for anyone undertaking some form of study, regardless of academic discipline, interests or employment background. 	Computer Science: Theory, Economics & Finance, Medicine, Information, Tech & Design, Mathematics, Humanities , Health & Society, Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering, Business & Management, Education, Engineering, Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence, Music, Film, and Audio, Food and Nutrition, Social Sciences, Law, Arts, Physics, Chemistry, Energy & Earth Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
cariesmanagement	Caries Management by Risk Assessment (CAMBRA)		University of California, San Francisco	This course will provide the scientific basis for caries (dental decay) risk assessment and practice interventions.  You will immediately be able to apply “caries management by risk assessment” into your clinical setting or into your personal health care.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
casebasedbiostat	Case-Based Introduction to Biostatistics	Scott Zeger	Johns Hopkins University	Learn to frame and address health-related questions using modern biostatistics ideas and methods.	Health & Society, Statistics and Data Analysis
causaleffects	Measuring Causal Effects in the Social Sciences	Anders Holm	University of Copenhagen	How can we know if the differences in wages between men and women are caused by discrimination or differences in background characteristics? In this course we look at causal effects as opposed to spurious relationships. We will discuss how they can be identified in the social sciences using quantitative data, and describe how this can help us understand social mechanisms. 	Social Sciences
ccss-literacy1	Common Core in Action: Literacy Across Content Areas		New Teacher Center	Learn how to apply some of the tools from the Literacy Design Collaborative to incorporate Common Core literacy standards into your content area. In this course you will explore Literacy Design Collaborative Resources, create a teaching task, and develop a plan to use the task within classroom instruction.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
ccss-math1	Common Core in Action: Math Formative Assessment		New Teacher Center	This course offers participants an opportunity to engage in a community of learners using an inquiry cycle focusing on math formative assessments as a strategy for implementing CCSS in math. It focuses on the implementation of a Classroom Challenge: a 1 – 2 day lesson developed by the Mathematics Assessment Project (MAP) based on formative assessment and the CCSSM.	Mathematics, Education, Teacher Professional Development
cgt	Games without Chance: Combinatorial Game Theory 	Tom  Morley	Georgia Institute of Technology	This course will cover the mathematical theory and analysis of simple games without chance moves.	Mathematics
changetheworld	How to Change the World		Wesleyan University	How can we use the things we share in common to address some of the most challenging problems facing the world? This course examines issues concerning poverty, the environment, technology, health care, gender, education and activism to helps us understand better how to initiate positive change.	Humanities , Health & Society, Social Sciences
chem99	Introduction to Chemistry		Duke University	This is an introductory course for students with limited background in chemistry; chemical problem solving will be emphasized with the goal of preparing students for further study in chemistry.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Chemistry
chemistry	General Chemistry 大学化学		Peking University	This is a general chemistry course for college freshmen who are majoring in science, medicine or engineering.  这是一门面向大学理科生的普通化学课程。 	Chemistry
chemprep	Preparation for General Chemistry		Rutgers University	The course develops critical thinking and analytic problem solving skills within a chemistry context in order to prepare students for success in college-level General Chemistry—a key gateway class required for many undergraduate majors.	Chemistry
childliteracy	Children Acquiring Literacy Naturally	Dominic William Massaro and Dominic William Massaro	University of California, Santa Cruz	This course will survey fundamental principles of language acquisition and learning to read. We will explore the possibility of becoming literate without formal schooling and instruction. No prior background in behavioral science, neuroscience, or technology is required.	Information, Tech & Design, Education, Social Sciences
childnutrition	Child Nutrition and Cooking 2.0	Maya Adam	Stanford University	Learn the basics of child nutrition and how to make healthy meals for healthy children and families in version 2.0 of the "Just Cook" class. 	Medicine, Health & Society, Education, Food and Nutrition
chinesehistory	中國古代歷史與人物－－秦始皇	呂世浩 Shih-Hao Lu	National Taiwan University	本課程是作為歷史入門通識而設計，重點在於藉由歷史教育啟發同學的思維，而非背誦歷史知識。具體的課程目標，是為了讓修課同學感到： （一）有趣：重新發現學習歷史的樂趣。 （二）有用：重新認識學習歷史的價值。 	Humanities 
chinesehumanities	中國人文經典導讀 | Classics of Chinese Humanities: Guided Readings	Ou Fan Leo Lee and Wai Tsui	The Chinese University of Hong Kong	本課程是以四堂演講的方式，分別討論中國文化的四個主要面向，彙文學、歷史、哲學、藝術于一爐。每一個主題以一篇或兩篇經典文本爲基礎，指導學生如何精讀作品，學習以欣賞和批判的雙重角度重新解讀經典，同時獲得對中國文字的陶冶和享受。它本爲大學一年級學生所設，但不限於中文系本科專業，希能為學生鑒賞中國傳統文化開啟新的視野。	Humanities 
chronicpain	Preventing Chronic Pain: A Human Systems Approach		University of Minnesota	Chronic pain is at epidemic levels and has become the highest-cost condition in health care. This course uses both creative and experiential learning to better understand chronic pain conditions and how they can be prevented through self-management in our cognitive, behavioral, physical, emotional, spiritual, social, and environmental realms.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
chuck101	Introduction to Programming for Musicians and Digital Artists	Ajay Kapur	California Institute of the Arts	This course provides a complete introduction to programming for digital musicians and artists, in the real-time multimedia language ChucK. Rich with practical examples and pointers to additional web resources, it can be understood by novices wishing to learn to program interactive arts systems.    	Computer Science: Software Engineering, Music, Film, and Audio, Arts
cic	Creativity, Innovation, and Change	Jack V. Matson, Darrell Velegol and Kathryn W. Jablokow	The Pennsylvania State University	Explore your unique brand of creativity to gain deeper personal insight.  Learn and apply new techniques to make innovative contributions in your own world. Solve complex problems and drive change creatively.	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management, Education, Engineering, Social Sciences
ciencia	Pensamiento Científico	Carlos Gershenson	Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México	Aprenderemos cómo podemos usar el pensamiento científico en la vida cotidiana para tomar mejores decisiones.	Humanities , Biology & Life Sciences
circuits	Linear Circuits		Georgia Institute of Technology	Learn the analysis of circuits including resistors, capacitors, and inductors.  This course is directed towards people who are in science or engineering fields outside of the disciplines of electrical or computer engineering.  	Engineering
climatechange	Climate Change	Jon Barnett, John Freebairn, David Jamieson, Maurizio Toscano and Rachel Webster	The University of Melbourne	This course develops an interdisciplinary understanding of the social, political, economic and scientific perspectives on climate change.	Economics & Finance, Humanities , Energy & Earth Sciences
climateliteracy	Climate Literacy: Navigating Climate Change Conversations	Sarah Burch and Sara Harris	The University of British Columbia	Climate Literacy tackles the scientific and socio-political dimensions of climate change. This course introduces the basics of the climate system, models and predictions, human and natural impacts, mitigative and adaptive responses, and the evolution of climate policy.	Social Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
clinicalneurology	Introduction to Clinical Neurology		University of California, San Francisco	An overview of the relevant aspects of the epidemiology, clinical presentation, basic disease mechanisms, diagnostic approaches and treatment options of the most common neurological diseases.	Medicine
clinicalpsych	The Clinical Psychology of Children and Young People		The University of Edinburgh	The course will cover the basic guiding principles of the Clinical Psychology of Children and Young People and illustrate how theories of psychological development can be applied in understanding children and young people's mental health and well being within a wider societal and cultural context. 	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
clinicalterminology	Clinical Terminology for International and U.S. Students	Michael Gold and Valerie Swigart	University of Pittsburgh	Understanding the clinical terms and abbreviations commonly used in U.S. hospitals is challenging. Adaptation to clinical language is difficult for U.S. students entering the clinical area and even more difficult for international students whose primary language is not English. This course helps both groups of students understand many of the terms and abbreviations commonly encountered during the first three months of clinical work on a U.S. general hospital unit.	Medicine
clinicaltrials	Practical tips to improve Asian American participation in cancer clinical trials		Stanford University	Internet Enduring Material Sponsored by Stanford University School of Medicine	Medicine
clinprobsolv	Clinical Problem Solving	Catherine R Lucey, MD	University of California, San Francisco	Participants will learn how to move efficiently from patient signs and symptoms to a rational and prioritized set of diagnostic possibilities and will learn how to study and read to facilitate this process.	Medicine
clintrials	Design and Interpretation of Clinical Trials		Johns Hopkins University	Learn the basic principles for design of randomized clinical trials and how they should be reported. 	Medicine, Health & Society
coachingteachers	Coaching Teachers: Promoting Changes that Stick 		Match Teacher Residency	Learn and practice strategies for coaching teachers to make meaningful, long-lasting improvements in their instruction. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
comics	Comic Books and Graphic Novels	William Kuskin	University of Colorado System	Comic books have arrived! "Comic Books and Graphic Novels" presents a survey of the comic book canon and of the major graphic novels in circulation today. Its governing question is simple: by what terms can we discuss comic books as literary art? In pursuit of that question it develops a theory of literary reading and time itself.  Visit us at www.facebook.com/UCBComics Reddit Username: Kuskin (staff cpav13)	Humanities , Arts
commhealthworkers	Training and Learning Programs for Volunteer Community Health Workers		Johns Hopkins University	Learn how to organize and deliver training and learning programs for volunteer community health workers.	Medicine, Health & Society, Education
commscience	Introduction to Communication Science		University of Amsterdam	Since Antiquity, scholars have appreciated the importance of communication: as social beings, we cannot exist without communication. The course extends beyond the boundaries of communication science itself, exploring dimensions of history, sociology and psychology. Join our class, together with people all over the world. 	Business & Management, Social Sciences
communitychange	Community Change in Public Health	William Brieger	Johns Hopkins University	This course examines the community context of the changes needed to promote the public’s health.	Health & Society
comnetworks	Computer Networks	David Wetherall, Arvind Krishnamurthy and John Zahorjan	University of Washington	The Internet is a computer network that millions of people use every day. Understand the design strategies used to solve computer networking problems while you learn how the Internet works.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Engineering
comparch	Computer Architecture	David Wentzlaff	Princeton University	In this course, you will learn to design the computer architecture of complex modern microprocessors.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Engineering
compartsaudio	Introduction to Computational Arts: Audio		State University of New York	In this 6-week course we’ll introduce the fundamentals of digital audio. The course will provide the essentials of recording and editing sound, and culminates with a piece using both recorded and synthesized sound. 	Music, Film, and Audio
compartsvisual	Introduction to Computational Arts: Visual Arts		State University of New York	This production class serves as an introduction to, and exploration of digital imagery in the arts. Lectures will cover concepts and presentations of artists working in various capacities with computers, as well as tutorials on specific software packages. 	Arts
compdata	Computing for Data Analysis	Roger Peng	Johns Hopkins University	This course is about learning the fundamental computing skills necessary for effective data analysis. You will learn to program in R and to use R for reading data, writing functions, making informative graphs, and applying modern statistical methods.	Health & Society, Statistics and Data Analysis
compfinance	Introduction to Computational Finance and Financial Econometrics	Eric Zivot	University of Washington	Learn mathematical and statistical tools and techniques used in quantitative and computational finance. Use the open source R statistical programming language to analyze financial data, estimate statistical models, and construct optimized portfolios. Analyze real world data and solve real world problems.	Economics & Finance
compilers	Compilers	Alex Aiken, Professor	Stanford University	This course will discuss the major ideas used today in the implementation of programming language compilers. You will learn how a program written in a high-level language designed for humans is systematically translated into a program written in low-level assembly more suited to machines!	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
compinvesting1	Computational Investing, Part I	Tucker Balch	Georgia Institute of Technology	Find out how modern electronic markets work, why stock prices change in the ways they do, and how computation can help our understanding of them.  Build algorithms and visualizations to inform investing practice.	Economics & Finance, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
complexanalysis	Analysis of a Complex Kind		Wesleyan University	In this course we’ll explore complex analysis, complex dynamics, and some applications of these topics.  	Mathematics
compmethods	Computational Methods for Data Analysis	Nathan Kutz	University of Washington	<div>Exploratory and objective data analysis methods applied to the physical, engineering, and biological sciences.</div> <div></div>	Statistics and Data Analysis
compneuro	Computational Neuroscience	Rajesh P. N. Rao and Adrienne Fairhall	University of Washington	Understanding how the brain works is one of the fundamental challenges in science today. This course will introduce you to basic computational techniques for analyzing, modeling, and understanding the behavior of cells and circuits in the brain. You do not need to have any prior background in neuroscience to take this course.	Biology & Life Sciences, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
composition	English Composition I: Achieving Expertise	Denise Comer	Duke University	You will gain a foundation for college-level writing valuable for nearly any field. Students will learn how to read carefully, write effective arguments, understand the writing process, engage with others' ideas, cite accurately, and craft powerful prose. We will create a workshop environment. 	Humanities , Education, Social Sciences
compphoto	Computational Photography	Irfan Essa	Georgia Institute of Technology	In this course you will learn about the basics of how computation has impacted the entire workflow of photography (i.e., from how images are captured, manipulated and collaborated on, and shared).	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
compstrategy	Competitive Strategy	Tobias Kretschmer	Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)	In this six-modules course you will learn how firms behave in situations in which strategic decisions are interdependent, i.e. where my actions affect my competitors' profits and vice versa. Using the basic tools of game theory, we will analyze how firms choose strategies to attain competitive advantage. 	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
configuringworld	Configuring the World: A Critical Political Economy Approach		Universiteit Leiden	In today’s world, politics and economics are inextricably interconnected, but what is the nature of that connectivity? Does economics influence politics, or does the causation run in the opposite direction? What data is available to study these phenomena, and how trustworthy is it? What are the power relationships that shape the world economy today? These are among the issues that will be examined in this course.	Economics & Finance, Humanities , Social Sciences
conlaw	Constitutional Law		Yale University	An introduction to the main themes of the American Constitution—popular sovereignty, separation of powers, federalism, and rights—and to basic techniques of constitutional interpretation. 	Social Sciences, Law
conrob	Control of Mobile Robots	Magnus Egerstedt	Georgia Institute of Technology	Learn about how to make mobile robots move in effective, safe, predictable, and collaborative ways using modern control theory.	Engineering, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
contentstrategy	Content Strategy for Professionals: Engaging Audiences for Your Organization	Bobby Calder, Candy Lee, Randy Hlavac, Andrew Gruen, John Lavine and Rachel Davis Mersey	Northwestern University	The Content Strategy MOOC is for professionals at all levels of an organization who want to significantly improve their abilities to understand audiences and develop strategic words, pictures, graphics, and videos to convey their organization’s most important goals.	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management
contraception	Contraception: Choices, Culture and Consequences	Jerusalem Makonnen, RN, MSN, FNP	University of California, San Francisco	Learn about the wide range of contraceptive methods, and the public health implications related to access to information and choices about reproductive health.	Medicine, Health & Society
corethink	Student Thinking at the Core		Vanderbilt University	This course explores how teachers can capitalize on what students bring to the classroom - their ideas, perceptions, and misunderstandings - to advance the learning of all students in the class, a practice we call “leveraging student thinking”.  	Education, Teacher Professional Development
corpfin	Основы корпоративных финансов (Fundamentals of Corporate Finance)		Higher School of Economics	Мы рассмотрим принципы и модели финансового анализа компании, а также оценку стратегических решений компании с точки зрения их влияния на фундаментальную стоимость компании. In this course you will learn the principles and models of financial analysis of a firm based on the criteria of value creation. 	Economics & Finance
correccion	Corrección y Estilo en Español		Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona	En este curso, con una consideración policéntrica de la lengua, se pretende activar o potenciar el interés por la corrección de los textos propios y ajenos.	Humanities , Social Sciences, Arts
cosmo	Galaxies and Cosmology	S. George Djorgovski	Caltech	An introduction to the modern extragalactic astronomy and cosmology, the physical universe, big bang, formation and evolution of galaxies, quasars, and large-scale structure.	Physics
cplusplus4c	C++ For C Programmers	Ira Pohl	University of California, Santa Cruz	This course is for experienced C programmers who want to program in C++. The examples and exercises require a basic understanding of algorithms and object-oriented software.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
cpp-fr	Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)	Jean-Cédric Chappelier and Jamila Sam	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet en l'illustrant en langage C++. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours «Initiation à la programmation (en C++)».	Computer Science: Software Engineering
cps	Creative Problem Solving		University of Minnesota	This course deals directly with your ability for creativity which is a critical skill in any field. It focuses on divergent thinking, the ability to develop multiple ideas and concepts to solve problems. Through a series of creativity building exercises, short lectures, and readings, learners develop both an understanding of creativity and increase their own ability. 	Information, Tech & Design, Teacher Professional Development
creatividad	Ser más creativos	Guadalupe Vadillo	Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México	¡Claro que todos podemos potenciar nuestra creatividad a través de procedimientos, rutinas y protocolos sencillos! El participante desarrollará su talento creativo para aportar soluciones originales y generar ideas y productos en el ámbito en que se desenvuelve y en la vida cotidiana. 	Information, Tech & Design, Humanities , Education, Social Sciences
criminallaw	刑法学总论 Criminal Law		Peking University	刑法是规定犯罪与刑罚的法律。刑法学是研究刑法的科学，主要研究犯罪的成立条件以及刑罚的种类与适用刑法的制度等问题。本课程的主要目的是简明完整地说明现代刑法学总论的基本概念、基本理论与基本方法。	Law
criticalmanagement	Critical Perspectives on Management	 Rolf  Strom-Olsen 	IE Business School	An unconventional approach to management strategy! This class offers students the opportunity to explore today's management practices from unexpected perspectives in order to ask provocative questions about the modern business environment. This approach will allow us to interrogate key management concepts in order to explore the thinking that informs them and, as importantly, the form of capitalism they foster.   	Business & Management
criticalthinking	Critical Thinking in Global Challenges	Mayank Dutia and Celine Caquineau	The University of Edinburgh	In this course you will develop and enhance your ability to think critically, assess information and develop reasoned arguments in the context of the global challenges facing society today.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
crypto	Cryptography I	Dan Boneh, Professor	Stanford University	Learn about the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and how to apply this knowledge in real-world applications!	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Systems & Security
crypto2	Cryptography II	Dan Boneh, Professor	Stanford University	Learn about the inner workings of cryptographic primitives and protocols and how to apply this knowledge in real-world applications.	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Systems & Security
cs101	Computer Science 101	Nick Parlante	Stanford University	CS101 teaches the essential ideas of Computer Science for a zero-prior-experience audience. The course uses small coding experiments in the browser to play with the nature of computers, understanding their strengths and limitations. Sign up for the "To be announced" session to be notified by email when the class is next run, and sign up for "Self-Study" to start browsing the class materials right away. Self-Study mode makes all the videos and assignments available to be done at your own pace, but without a certificate of completion at the end.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
cyhfisica	Conceptos y Herramientas para la Física Universitaria		Tecnológico de Monterrey	Este curso provee al estudiante con conceptos y herramientas matemáticas para modelar problemas en física, que al aplicar podrá enfrentar con éxito los cursos de física universitarios.	Mathematics, Physical & Earth Sciences, Education, Physics
dataanalysis	Data Analysis	Jeff Leek	Johns Hopkins University	Learn about the most effective data analysis methods to solve problems and achieve insight.	Health & Society, Statistics and Data Analysis
datamanagement	Data Management for Clinical Research	Paul A. Harris, Stephany Duda, Firas Wehbe	Vanderbilt University	Learn critical concepts and practical methods to support research data planning, collection, storage and dissemination.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
datan	Core Concepts in Data Analysis		Higher School of Economics	Learn both theory and application for basic methods that have been invented either for developing new concepts – principal components or clusters, or for finding interesting correlations – regression and classification.   This is preceded by a thorough analysis of 1D and 2D data.	Statistics and Data Analysis
datasci	Introduction to Data Science	Bill Howe	University of Washington	Join the data revolution. Companies are searching for data scientists. This specialized field demands multiple skills not easy to obtain through conventional curricula. Introduce yourself to the basics of data science and leave armed with practical experience extracting value from big data.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering, Statistics and Data Analysis
datascitoolbox	The Data Scientist’s Toolbox		Johns Hopkins University	Get an overview of the data, questions, and tools that data analysts and data scientists work with. This is the first course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Statistics and Data Analysis
db	Introduction to Databases	Jennifer Widom, Professor	Stanford University	This course covers database design and the use of database management systems for applications.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
democraticdev	Democratic Development	Larry Diamond	Stanford University	Gain an understanding of the political, social, cultural, economic, institutional and international factors that foster and obstruct the development and consolidation of democracy. It is hoped that students in developing or prospective democracies will use the theories, ideas, and lessons in the class to help build or improve democracy in their own countries.	Humanities , Social Sciences
design	Design: Creation of Artifacts in Society	Karl  T. Ulrich	University of Pennsylvania	Combine fundamental concepts with hands-on design challenges to become a better designer. 	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management, Engineering, Arts
designingcities	Designing Cities		University of Pennsylvania	The course explores visionary and practical concepts of city design and planning, past and present, and  how design can address such looming challenges as urban population growth, climate change and rising sea levels.  Participants will be encouraged to make proposals for city design and development, starting with their own immediate environment.  	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management, Engineering
devdataprod	Developing Data Products		Johns Hopkins University	Learn the basics of creating data products using Shiny, R packages, and interactive graphics. This is the ninth course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Software Engineering, Statistics and Data Analysis
diabetes	Diabetes - a Global Challenge	Jens Juul Holst and Signe Sørensen  Torekov	University of Copenhagen	Diabetes is a growing health problem in rich and poor countries alike. With this course you will get updated on cutting-edge diabetes research including biological, genetic and clinical aspects as well as prevention and epidemiology of diabetes. All provided by high-profile scientists from one the world's leading universities in diabetes research.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
digital	Fundamentals of Digital Image and Video Processing	Aggelos Katsaggelos	Northwestern University	In this class you will learn the basic principles and tools used to process images and videos, and how to apply them in solving practical problems of commercial and scientific interests.  	Information, Tech & Design, Engineering, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
digitaldemocracy	Securing Digital Democracy	J. Alex Halderman	University of Michigan	In this course, you'll learn what every citizen should know about the security risks--and future potential — of electronic voting and Internet voting.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Social Sciences
digitalmedia	Creative Programming for Digital Media & Mobile Apps	Marco Gillies, Matthew Yee-King and Mick Grierson	University of London	For anyone who would like to apply their technical skills to creative work ranging from video games to art installations to interactive music, and also for artists who would like to use programming in their artistic practice.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Software Engineering
digitalsounddesign	Introduction to Digital Sound Design	Steve Everett	Emory University	Sounds and music are embedded in almost every aspect of daily life. This course will provide an overview of the fundamental principles of sound and the factors that determine our audio perception. It will also explore techniques of recording, mixing, processing, synthesis, sampling, analysis, and editing of digital audio.	Music, Film, and Audio
digitalsystems	Digital Systems - Sistemas Digitales: De las puertas lógicas al procesador		Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona	El curso es bilingüe español-inglés, con videos y materiales en ambos idiomas. Lectures and materials are provided both in Spanish and English. 	Information, Tech & Design, Engineering
dino101	Dino 101: Dinosaur Paleobiology		University of Alberta	Dino 101: Dinosaur Paleobiology is a 12-lesson course teaching a comprehensive overview of non-avian dinosaurs. Topics covered: anatomy, eating, locomotion, growth, environmental and behavioral adaptations, origins and extinction. Lessons are delivered from museums, fossil-preparation labs and dig sites. Estimated workload: 3-5 hrs/wk for non-credit; 7-10 hrs/wk for credit	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences
disasterprep	Disaster Preparedness	Michael Beach	University of Pittsburgh	During this course, students will gain an understanding of the Disaster Cycle, concentrating on the Mitigation Phase. They will examine disaster planning on a personal level developing a disaster plan and examine Awareness and Attitude during disasters and daily life.	Medicine
distributions	Initiation à la théorie des distributions	François  Golse and Yvan Martel	École Polytechnique	Une fonction discontinue peut-elle être solution d'une équation différentielle? Comment définir rigoureusement la masse de Dirac (une "fonction" d'intégrale un, nulle partout sauf en un point) et ses dérivées? Peut-on définir une notion de "dérivée d'ordre fractionnaire"?  Cette initiation aux distributions répond à ces questions - et à bien d'autres.	Mathematics
droitshomme	Introduction aux droits de l’homme		University of Geneva	Ce cours propose une introduction à la protection internationale des droits de l’homme. Il en présente les sources, les catégories, le contenu et les limites qui leur sont opposables, ainsi que les obligations qu’ils génèrent à la charge des Etats. Il expose aussi les principaux mécanismes de mise en œuvre prévus au niveau universel et régional pour assurer leur respect.	Humanities , Law
drugdiscovery	Drug Discovery, Development & Commercialization 	Williams S. Ettouati and Joseph D. Ma	University of California, San Diego 	Students will learn the process of drug discovery and development through specific examples of case studies to better understand the issues facing the challenges of delivering a new drug on the market. At the completion of this course you will be able to have a better understanding of how a small or large molecule becomes a pharmaceutical drug.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
drugsandbrain	Drugs and the Brain	Henry A. Lester	Caltech	The neuroscience of drugs for therapy, for prevention, and for recreation.  Drug addiction and drug abuse. You’ll learn the prospects for new generations of medications in neurology, psychiatry, aging, and treatment of substance abuse. 	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
dsalgo	数据结构与算法  Data Structures and Algorithms		Peking University	“数据结构与算法”是计算机学科中的核心基础课程。课程的主要目标培养学生较全面地理解基本数据结构的概念和经典算法的思想及各种实现方法，掌握数据结构和算法的设计分析技术。根据所求解问题的性质选择合理的数据结构并对时间空间复杂性进行必要的控制，提高程序设计的质量。使得学生在将来的学习、研究和工作中，具备设计和实现高效的数据结构和算法的能力。 	Computer Science: Theory
dsp	Digital Signal Processing	Paolo Prandoni and Martin Vetterli	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Learn the fundamentals of digital signal processing theory and discover the myriad ways DSP makes everyday life more productive and fun.	Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
dynamicalmodeling	Dynamical Modeling Methods for Systems Biology	Eric Sobie	Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	An introduction to dynamical modeling techniques used in contemporary Systems Biology research.	Mathematics, Biology & Life Sciences
dynamics1	Engineering Systems in Motion: Dynamics of Particles and Bodies in 2D Motion		Georgia Institute of Technology	This course is an exciting look at the study of rigid bodies in motion (dynamics) as applied to engineering systems and structures. 	Engineering
earlychildhood	Effective Classroom Interactions: Supporting Young Children’s Development		University of Virginia	During the early childhood years children gain knowledge and skills that provide the foundation for later learning. Young children learn many of these skills through the interactions they have with their teachers. This course is intended to increase teachers’ knowledge about specific types of teacher-child interactions that promote young children’s development. The course will focus on helping teachers to offer emotionally supportive interactions to the children in their care.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
earth	Planet Earth	Stephen Marshak	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	Planet Earth, an overview of geology, discusses how earthquakes, volcanoes, mountain building, floods, ice ages, evolution, climate, and plate tectonics have interacted over deep time to produce a our dynamic island in space, and its unique landscapes.	Energy & Earth Sciences
ecfoodandyou	Economic Issues, Food & You	Jennifer Clark	University of Florida	This course emphasizes the role of economics regarding its influence on food prices, the environment, and government policies. The primary objective of this course is to explore the basic tool kit of economic concepts that will enable students to critically analyze the choices they face as consumers and world citizens.	Economics & Finance, Food and Nutrition
econ1scientists	Principles of Economics for Scientists	Antonio Rangel	Caltech	Quantitative and model-based introduction to basic ideas in economics, and applications to a wide range of real world problems.	Economics & Finance
econpolicy	Understanding economic policymaking	Gayle Allard	IE Business School	This course will take a non-technical approach to understanding how governments influence the macroeconomy.  Topics will include fiscal policy, deficits and debts, monetary policy and structural reform.  We will review some current debates, such as fiscal stimulus vs. austerity and rules vs. quantitative easing.	Economics & Finance
edc	E-learning and Digital Cultures	Sian Bayne, Jeremy Knox, Hamish A. Macleod, Jen Ross and Christine  Sinclair	The University of Edinburgh	This course will explore how digital cultures and learning cultures connect, and what this means for the ways in which we conduct education online. The course is not about how to ‘do’ e-learning; rather, it is an invitation to view online educational practices through a particular lens – that of popular and digital culture. Follow this course on Twitter at #edcmooc.	Education
edivet	EDIVET: Do you have what it takes to be a veterinarian?		The University of Edinburgh	This course is for anyone interested in learning more about Veterinary Medicine, giving a “taster” of courses covered in the first year of a veterinary degree and an idea of what it is like to study Veterinary Medicine.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
eefun	Fundamentals of Electrical Engineering	Don H. Johnson	Rice University	This course probes fundamental ideas in electrical engineering, seeking to understand how electrical signals convey information, how bits can represent smooth signals like music and how modern communication systems work.	Engineering
eefunlab	Fundamentals of Electrical Engineering Laboratory		Rice University	This hands-on laboratory course complements Coursera's Fundamentals of Electrical Engineering. The course develops basic skills in constructing and measuring electrical circuits using modern laboratory instruments.	Engineering
electricity	Электричество и магнетизм. Часть 1 (Electricity and Magnetism. Part 1)		Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology	Курс  посвящен изучению базовых законов электростатики и магнитостатики. 	Physics
emergenceoflife	Emergence of Life		University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	How did life emerge on Earth? How have life and Earth co-evolved through geological time? Is life elsewhere in the universe? Take a look through the 4-billion-year history of life on Earth through the lens of the modern Tree of Life.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences
empresafamiliar	Continuidad y desarrollo de la empresa familiar	Fernando  Sandoval Arzaga	Tecnológico de Monterrey	¿Cuál es la importancia de las empresas familiares en el mundo?, ¿cómo garantizar su continuidad y permanencia?, ¿cómo mejorar la comunicación entre sus miembros? y ¿cómo lograr sucesiones exitosas? Este curso brinda estas respuestas a través de la identificación de estrategias para la profesionalización de las empresas familiares.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management, Social Sciences
energy	Energy, the Environment, and Our Future	Richard B. Alley	The Pennsylvania State University	Get Rich and Save the Earth…Or Else!  Learn about the past, present, and possible futures of human energy use.	Energy & Earth Sciences
energy101	Energy 101	Sam Shelton	Georgia Institute of Technology	As a society and individually, we use energy every moment of our lives to improve our quality of life. Energy 101 will develop the big picture and connect the details of our energy use, technology, infrastructure, impact, and future.	Energy & Earth Sciences
engcomlaw	English Common Law: Structure and Principles	Hazel Genn	University of London	For students or professionals who have an interest in learning about the development and application of the law in a common law jurisdiction. 	Humanities , Law
entpecon	Beyond Silicon Valley: Growing Entrepreneurship in Transitioning Economies		Case Western Reserve University	Explore how communities in transitioning economies around the world are working to enable the growth of entrepreneurship when the resources from the private sector alone are limited.	Business & Management
environlaw	Introduction to Environmental Law and Policy	Don Hornstein	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Environmental law may be the one institution standing between us and planetary exhaustion. It is also an institution that needs to be reconciled with human liberty and economic aspirations. This course considers these issues and provides a tour though existing legal regimes governing pollution, water law, endangered species, toxic substances, environmental impact analyses, and environmental risk.	Law
epidemics	Epidemics - the Dynamics of Infectious Diseases	Marcel Salathé, Ottar N. Bjornstad, Andrew Read, Rachel A. Smith, Mary L. Poss, David P. Hughes, Peter Hudson and Matthew Ferrari	The Pennsylvania State University	Malaria, HIV/AIDS, Influenza, Measles - we’re in a constant battle against infectious diseases. This is a course about the dynamics of such diseases  - how they emerge, how they spread around the globe, and how they can best be controlled.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
epidemiology	Epidemiology: The Basic Science of Public Health	Karin Yeatts and Lorraine Alexander	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	This course explores public health—both locally and globally—through the lens of epidemiology.	Health & Society
epigenetics	Epigenetic Control of Gene Expression	Dr Marnie Blewitt	The University of Melbourne	Each mammalian cell has the same genes, yet performs distinct functions. This is achieved by epigenetic control of gene expression; the switching on and switching off of genes. This course will cover the principles of epigenetic control of gene expression, how epigenetic control contributes to cellular differentiation and development, and how it goes wrong in disease.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
eqp	Exploring Quantum Physics	Charles W. Clark and Victor Galitski	University of Maryland, College Park	An introduction to quantum physics with emphasis on topics at the frontiers of research, and developing understanding through exercise.	Physics
equinenutrition	Equine Nutrition	Jo-Anne Murray	The University of Edinburgh	This course will cover many aspects of equine nutrition ranging from anatomy and physiology of the gastrointestinal tract to dietary management of horses/ponies affected with nutrition-related disorders.    This is course is designed for self-directed study with minimal tutor input, and as such emphasis is placed upon peer discussions of the topics presented in each section of the course.  This course is not designed to have a large amount of tutor input as this is an open access course that attracts tens of thousands of participants.  However, tutors will endeavour to answer the main queries relating to the understanding of the lecture materials and to provide a summary of the key questions raised in each of the weekly topics and clarification of any misunderstandings. 	Medicine
escrituraesp	Fundamentos de la escritura en español		Tecnológico de Monterrey	Curso básico de español que proporciona las herramientas lingüísticas necesarias para un manejo efectivo de la lengua escrita.	Humanities , Education, Social Sciences
europe	Understanding Europe: Why It Matters and What It Can Offer You		HEC Paris	Learn about the European Union, how it works, why it matters and what it can offer you. Regardless of where you live, the EU not only affects your life but may also transform it. This course aims at empowering you, your family, business and community in Europe and beyond and will enable you to discover jobs you were not aware of. Des sous-titres seront proposés en français.	Humanities , Business & Management, Social Sciences, Law
evaluation	Evaluation financière de l'entreprise		HEC Paris	A l'issue de ce MOOC, vous serez capables de comprendre ce qui justifie la valorisation d'une entreprise et vous pourrez en réaliser par vous même.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
exdata	Exploratory Data Analysis		Johns Hopkins University	Learn the essential exploratory techniques for summarizing data. This is the fourth course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
exphys	Exercise Physiology: Understanding the Athlete Within	Mark Hargreaves	The University of Melbourne	Learn about the physiological responses to acute and chronic exercise and their relevance for athletic performance.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
expmethods	Experimental Methods in Systems Biology		Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	The course will introduce students to the technologies underlying high throughput experimentation used in systems biology.	Biology & Life Sciences
extrasolarplanets	The Diversity of Exoplanets	Stéphane Udry	University of Geneva	The course will provide an overview of the knowledge acquired during the past 20 years in the domain of exoplanets. It will review the different detection methods, their limitations, and the information provided on the orbital system and the planet itself, and how this information is helping our understanding of planet formation.	Physics
fantasysf	Fantasy and Science Fiction: The Human Mind, Our Modern World	Eric Rabkin	University of Michigan	We understand the world — and our selves — through stories. Then some of those hopes and fears become the world.	Humanities 
fdubigdata	大数据与信息传播         Big Data and Information Dissemination		Fudan University	本课程讨论人、媒介、信息在社会化媒体环境下的新规律。The course introduces students to regular patterns of interaction among people, media and information under our surrounding social media .	Business & Management, Statistics and Data Analysis, Social Sciences
finance	An Introduction to Corporate Finance		University of Pennsylvania	This course will provide a market-oriented framework for analyzing the major types of financial decisions made by corporations. Lectures and readings will provide an introduction to present value techniques, capital budgeting principles, asset valuation, the operation and efficiency of financial markets, the financial decisions of firms, and derivatives.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
financialmarkets	Financial Markets		Yale University	An overview of the ideas, methods, and institutions that permit human society to manage risks and foster enterprise. 	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
finmarkets	Финансовые рынки и институты (Financial Markets and Institutions)		Higher School of Economics	Вы узнаете, как функционируют финансовые рынки и финансовые институты. Каким образом компании привлекают капитал для своего развития, а также как инвестировать на финансовом рынке. <br> You will learn how the financial markets and institutions operate, how companies can attract capital for their development and also how to invest in the financial market.	Economics & Finance
fmri	Statistical Analysis of fMRI Data		Johns Hopkins University	Explore the intersection of statistics and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), a non-invasive technique for studying brain activity. 	Medicine, Mathematics, Health & Society
foe	Fundamentals of Online Education: Planning and Application	Fatimah Wirth	Georgia Institute of Technology	This is an introductory course on the fundamentals of online education. You will learn how to convert your face-to-face class into a robust online course based on theory and practice.	Information, Tech & Design, Education
foodsys	An Introduction to the U.S. Food System: Perspectives from Public Health	Keeve Nachman and Robert S. Lawrence	Johns Hopkins University	Explore how food intersects with public health and the environment as it moves from field to plate.	Health & Society, Food and Nutrition
frenchrev	The French Revolution		The University of Melbourne	The French Revolution was one of the most important upheavals in world history. This course examines its origins, course and outcomes.  	Humanities , Social Sciences
friendsmoneybytes	Networks: Friends, Money, and Bytes	Mung Chiang	Princeton University	A course driven by 20 practical questions about wireless, web, and the Internet, about how products from companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Netflix, Amazon, Ericsson, HP, Skype and AT&T work.  In this offering, we will cover 7 of the 20 questions, and you will have the opportunity to personalize your own learning experience by choosing which of the versions suits you best.	Economics & Finance, Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security
functionalanalysis	An Introduction to Functional Analysis		École Centrale Paris	Learn about functional analysis	Mathematics
gameprogramming	Beginning Game Programming with C#		University of Colorado System	Start learning how to program video games using the C# programming language. Plenty of practice opportunities are included!	Computer Science: Software Engineering
gametheory	Game Theory	Kevin Leyton-Brown, Matthew O. Jackson and Yoav Shoham	The University of British Columbia	The course covers the basics: representing games and strategies, the extensive form (which computer scientists call game trees), repeated and stochastic games, coalitional games, and Bayesian games (modeling things like auctions).	Computer Science: Theory, Economics & Finance, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
gametheory2	Game Theory II: Advanced Applications		The University of British Columbia	This advanced course considers how to design interactions between agents in order to achieve good social outcomes. Three main topics are covered:  social choice theory (i.e., collective decision making), mechanism design, and auctions.	Computer Science: Theory, Economics & Finance, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
gamification	Gamification	Kevin Werbach	University of Pennsylvania	Gamification is the application of game elements and digital game design techniques to non-game problems, such as business and social impact challenges. This course will teach you the mechanisms of gamification, why it has such tremendous potential, and how to use it effectively.	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management
genchem1	Chemistry: Concept Development and Application	John Steven Hutchinson	Rice University	This introduction to fundamental chemical concepts of atomic and molecular structure will emphasize the development of these concepts from experimental observations and scientific reasoning.	Chemistry
genchem2	Chemistry: Concept Development and Application Part II		Rice University	This course is the second semester of the two semester sequence, Chemistry Concept Development and Application.  This course will cover the topics of a typical second semester General Chemistry course at most colleges and universities.  We will use the Chemistry Concept Development Study approach, developed and used in our courses at Rice and used in Part I of this course.	Chemistry
genes	Genes and the Human Condition (From Behavior to Biotechnology)	Raymond J. St. Leger and Tammatha O'Brien	University of Maryland, College Park	To acquire an understanding of the fundamental concepts of genomics and biotechnology, and their implications for human biology, evolution, medicine, social policy and individual life path choices in the 21st century. 	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
geneticsevolution	Introduction to Genetics and Evolution	Mohamed Noor	Duke University	A whirlwind introduction to evolution and genetics, from basic principles to current applications, including how disease genes are mapped and how we leverage evolutionary concepts to aid humanity.	Biology & Life Sciences
genomescience	Experimental Genome Science	John Hogenesch, John Isaac Murray	University of Pennsylvania	Each of our cells contains nearly identical copies of our genome, which provides instructions that allow us to develop and function. This course serves as an introduction to the main laboratory and theoretical aspects of genomics and is divided into themes: genomes, genetics, functional genomics, systems biology, single cell approaches, proteomics, and applications.	Biology & Life Sciences
genomicmedicine	Genomic and Precision Medicine		University of California, San Francisco	A critical, unbiased introduction to using new genomic tools for diagnosing and managing disease.	Medicine
genrx	Generation Rx: The Science Behind Prescription Drug Abuse	Nicole Cartwright Kwiek, Ph.D.	The Ohio State University	Think that a prescription medication must be safer than a “street drug”? Think again. Investigate the epidemic rise of prescription drug abuse and use science to debunk commonly held misconceptions regarding this phenomenon.	Medicine, Health & Society
geodesign	Geodesign: Change Your World		The Pennsylvania State University	What happens when creativity and science come together?  The power to design our world is unleashed, providing tools to inform choices about how we live!  Geodesign is the glue—it’s a process that deploys creativity to connect information to people, using collaboration to better inform how we design our world.	Information, Tech & Design, Physical & Earth Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
geomatique	Éléments de Géomatique		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Le but de ce cours de base en géomatique est de présenter un aperçu des méthodes d'acquisition, de modélisation et de représentation des données à référence spatiale. Les ingénieurs civils et en environnement devront comprendre le rôle et les enjeux de la géomatique face aux disciplines de la construction, de l'aménagement et de l'environnement.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Engineering
getdata	Getting and Cleaning Data		Johns Hopkins University	Learn how to gather and clean data from a variety of sources. This is the third course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
ggp	General Game Playing	Michael Genesereth	Stanford University	Learn about General Game Playing (GGP) and develop GGP programs capable of competing against humans and other programs in GGP competitions .	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
globaldiseasecontrol	Saving Lives Millions at a Time: Global Disease Control Policies & Programs		Johns Hopkins University	Public Health focuses on the health of entire populations, fighting disease on a massive scale.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
globalenergy	Global Sustainable Energy: Past, Present and Future	Wendell A. Porter	University of Florida	Students will explore energy consumption patterns including individuals, countries and the entire globe. These patterns will include all sectors of the global economy from fully developed countries to developing nations. New energy sources will be investigated and international solutions to future needs will be analyzed.	Energy & Earth Sciences
globalenergybusiness	Fundamentals of Global Energy Business		University of Colorado System	Learn about diverse and integrated markets for primary energy, and the essential considerations driving business leaders and policy makers in development of global energy resources.	Business & Management, Energy & Earth Sciences
globalfoodsystems	Sustainability of Food Systems: A Global Life Cycle Perspective	Jason Hill	University of Minnesota	This course explores the diversity of the foods we eat, the ways in which we grow, process, distribute, and prepare them, and the impacts they have upon our environment, health, and society. We will also examine the challenges and opportunities of creating a more sustainable global food system in the future.	Economics & Finance, Food and Nutrition, Energy & Earth Sciences
globalhealthintro	An Introduction to Global Health	Flemming Konradsen	University of Copenhagen	This course will provide you with an overview of the most important health challenges facing the world today. You will gain insight into how challenges have changed over time, we will discuss the likely determinants of such changes and examine future projections. Successful international strategies and programs promoting human health will be highlighted and global health governance structures will be mapped and the role of the key actors explored.	Medicine, Health & Society, Food and Nutrition, Social Sciences
globalhealthoverview	Global Health: An Interdisciplinary Overview	Antoine Geissbuhler, Louis Loutan, Slim Slama, Didier Wernli and Rafael Ruiz De Castaneda	University of Geneva	This course proposes an overview of current global health challenges drawing on the insights of several academic disciplines including medicine, public health, law, economics, social sciences and humanities. This interdisciplinary approach will guide the student into seven critical topics in global health.	Medicine, Health & Society
globalhighered	Globalizing Higher Education and Research for the ‘Knowledge Economy’	Kris Olds and Susan L. Robertson	University of Wisconsin–Madison	This course is designed to examine an array of issues related to the globalization of higher education and research. The main objective of the course is to enable students to better understand how and why universities are engaged in the globalization process, as well as what the key implications of this development process are. 	Information, Tech & Design, Education, Social Sciences
globalintrouslaw	The Global Student's Introduction to U.S. Law		University of Florida	This course will provide students from around the world an introduction to the legal system of the United States.	Law
globalization	Globalization and You		University of Washington	This course offers an evidence-based analysis of globalization that addresses what is happening to us personally as well as economically amidst the market-led processes of global integration. 	Economics & Finance, Humanities , Social Sciences
globalorder	The Changing Global Order		Universiteit Leiden	This course deals with international relations, peace and security and brings together a number of experts from the field and academia to share their perspectives. The course will help you gain insight into conflict resolution and the role organizations such as the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the African Union and NATO play in a changing world.	Humanities , Social Sciences, Law
globalsportsbusiness	The Global Business of Sports	Kenneth  L.  Shropshire	University of Pennsylvania	This course analyzes the business side of sports and discusses the intricacies of global sports leagues as well as various countries' sports strategies. You will be equipped with a framework and tools to understand and evaluate the business side of competitive sports around the world.	Business & Management, Social Sciences
globaltrends	Analyzing Global Trends for Business and Society		University of Pennsylvania	What does the future hold for global markets? How are societies and cultures evolving? Who will be global powers of the 21st century? Take this class and find out how global trends are transforming business and society.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management, Social Sciences
globalwarming	Global Warming: The Science of Climate Change		The University of Chicago	This class describes the science of global warming and the forecast for humans’ impact on Earth’s climate. Intended for an audience without much scientific background but a healthy sense of curiosity, the class brings together insights and perspectives from physics, chemistry, biology, earth and atmospheric sciences, and even some economics—all based on a foundation of simple mathematics (algebra). 	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Physics, Energy & Earth Sciences
globe	Globalization of Business Enterprise		IESE Business School	The majority of businesses say they want to become more global. And business leaders say that the lack of people with global intelligence is the key constraint holding them back. This course will address both gaps — at the business and the personal level, it will focus on practical strategies for dealing with the real consequences of globalization.   	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
googlemedia	Understanding Media by Understanding Google	Owen R. Youngman	Northwestern University	Few people who “just Google it” to find an answer to their every question understand just what the company does (and why). Through this course, you'll join the minority that really gets it.	Economics & Finance, Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management
graph	工程圖學		National Taiwan University	這是一門實用的入門課程，學習者不需有工程背景。課程目標是培養製圖與讀圖的能力，同時著重理論與實務。理論方面，將教授投影、讀圖、剖面、透視、標註等基本的製圖原理，和各項工程常用的圖像語言。實作方面，將以簡單的案例，循序教授電腦輔助繪圖(CAD)的技巧。課程將設計學習小組以及實作，透過網路上的同儕互動，達到群體學習的功效。總共課程有七週，每週課程安排都包含繪圖理論觀念(4~5個講述影片)，以及電腦繪圖技巧(4~5示範影片)。為了確保學習成效，第1~4週每週都有一個簡單的練習作業，5, 6週為期末專題。每個作業大概一個小時可以完成。	Information, Tech & Design, Engineering, Arts
growtogreatness	Grow to Greatness: Smart Growth for Private Businesses, Part I	Edward D. Hess	University of Virginia	This course focuses on the common growth challenges faced by existing private businesses when they attempt to grow substantially.	Business & Management
gtcomp	First-Year Composition 2.0	Karen Head	Georgia Institute of Technology	First-Year Composition 2.0 will help you to develop a better process and gain confidence in written, visual, and oral communication and to create and critique college-level documents and presentations.	Humanities 
guitar	Introduction to Guitar	Thaddeus Hogarth	Berklee College of Music	Grasp the essentials needed to begin playing acoustic or electric guitar. You'll learn an easy approach to get you playing quickly, through a combination of exploring the instrument, performance technique, and basic music theory.  	Music, Film, and Audio
health	Global Health and Humanitarianism		University of Manchester	Is humanitarianism an effective, justifiable and sustainable response to ill-health, inequality, injustice and war?	
healthcareinnovation	Healthcare Innovation and Entrepreneurship	Bob Barnes, Marilyn M. Lombardi	Duke University	This interdisciplinary course focuses on sustainable innovation, introducing entrepreneurial students to the realities of problem identification and solution design within the complex world of healthcare.	Health & Society, Business & Management
healthcaresafety	The Science of Safety in Healthcare	Cheryl Dennison-Himmelfarb and Peter J.  Pronovost	Johns Hopkins University	Health professionals and students and health consumers interested in learning about patient safety will acquire foundational knowledge of the principles of the science and culture of safety in healthcare in this five-week course.	Medicine, Health & Society
healthforall	Health for All Through Primary Health Care	Henry Perry	Johns Hopkins University	This course explores why primary health care is central for achieving Health for All. It provides examples of how primary health care has been instrumental in approaching this goal in selected populations and how the principles of primary health care can guide future policies and actions.	Medicine, Health & Society
healthinformatics	Health Informatics in the Cloud	Mark L. Braunstein	Georgia Institute of Technology	A non-technical introduction to the contemporary application of computing to healthcare delivery, public health and community-based clinical research.	Health & Society
healthliteracy	Health Literacy and Communication for Health Professionals		University of Nebraska	In the United States, two-thirds of the population read at an eight-grade level or below. When it comes to health information, most Americans have the ability to read and write at the fifth-grade level.  This inter-professional course aims to give health professionals the tools needed to improve upon their health literacy and communication skills.	Medicine, Health & Society
healthpolicy	Health Policy and the Affordable Care Act	Ezekiel J. Emanuel	University of Pennsylvania	This course will explore the many problems of the American health care system and discuss the specific ways that the Affordable Care Act will impact access, quality, costs, as well as medical innovation.	Economics & Finance, Health & Society
hetero	Heterogeneous Parallel Programming	Wen-mei W. Hwu	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	This course introduces concepts, languages, techniques, and patterns for programming heterogeneous, massively parallel processors. Its contents and structure have been significantly revised based on the experience gained from its initial offering in 2012. It covers heterogeneous computing architectures, data-parallel programming models, techniques for memory bandwidth management, and parallel algorithm patterns.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
highered	History and Future of (Mostly) Higher Education		Duke University	In this course we will learn about the features of higher education that were designed specifically to prepare workers and leaders for the Industrial Age, and we’ll strategize ways that, together, we can change learning--inside of school and out--for the world we live in now--and even to help improve our world. #FutureEd	Information, Tech & Design, Humanities , Education, Social Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
hisfiction	Plagues, Witches, and War: The Worlds of Historical Fiction		University of Virginia	A unique and exciting introduction to the genre and craft of historical fiction, for curious students, aspiring authors--anyone with a passion for the past. Read classics of the genre, encounter bestselling writers of historical fiction, and discover your own historical archive while interacting with a global community of interested readers. 	Humanities , Arts
historyofec	История экономической мысли (History of Economic Thought)		Higher School of Economics	Курс поможет осмыслить извечные проблемы жизни человека: богатство и бедность, деньги и рынки, инфляция и безработица, индивидуальные решения и государственная политика. The course will help you to understand the lasting economic problems of everyday human life: wealth and poverty, money and markets, inflation and unemployment, human decisions and governmental policies. 	Economics & Finance
historyofrock1	History of Rock, Part One	John Covach	University of Rochester	Learn about the early days of rock music, from the pre-rock years of the post World War II era through the birth of rock in the mid 1950s to the psychedelic era of the late 1960s.	Music, Film, and Audio
historyofrock2	History of Rock, Part Two	John Covach	University of Rochester	Learn about the growth of rock music, from the early 1970s through the rise of punk and disco in the late 1970s, and from the emergence of MTV, hip hop, and heavy metal in 1980s to the rebellion of Nirvana in the early 90s.	Music, Film, and Audio
hollywood	The Language of Hollywood: Storytelling, Sound, and Color	Scott Higgins	Wesleyan University	This Film History course explores how fundamental changes in film technology affected popular Hollywood storytelling. We will consider the transition to sound, and the introduction of color. This online educational experience is not equivalent to a college course. 	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
holocaust	The Holocaust	Murray Baumgarten and Peter Kenez	University of California, Santa Cruz	This course traces the destruction of the Jews and Jewish life in Europe by Nazi Germany, drawing on major works of history, literature, and film. The lectures outline the work of the Nazis as well as Jewish responses.	Humanities 
howthingswork1	How Things Work 1	Louis A. Bloomfield	University of Virginia	An introduction to physics in the context of everyday objects.	Physics
humanevolution	Human Evolution: Past and Future	John Hawks	University of Wisconsin–Madison	Introduction to the science of human origins, the fossil and archaeological record, and genetic ancestry of living and ancient human populations. The course emphasizes the ways our evolution touches our lives, including health and diet, and explores how deep history may shape the future of our species.	Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences
humankind	A Brief History of Humankind	Dr. Yuval Noah Harari	Hebrew University of Jerusalem	The course surveys the entire length of human history, from the evolution of various human species in the Stone Age up to the political and technological revolutions of the twenty-first century.	Humanities 
humannutrition	Fundamentals of Human Nutrition	Kristina von Castel-Roberts, Ph.D.	University of Florida	This introductory course provides an overview of the principles of nutritional science. Subject matter includes description and functions of nutrients, digestion and absorption, effects of nutrient deficiencies and toxicities, requirements, food sources, nutrient interactions, dietary guidelines, and the role of nutrition in health and disease.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Food and Nutrition
humanphysio	Introductory Human Physiology	Jennifer Carbrey and Emma Jakoi	Duke University	In this course, students learn to recognize and to apply the basic concepts that govern integrated body function (as an intact organism) in the body's nine organ systems.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
humanresearch	Guinea Pigs, Heroes & Desperate Patients: The History & Ethics of Human Research	Jeffrey Kahn, Alan C Regenberg, Debra JH Mathews and Joseph Ali	Johns Hopkins University	Learn about the ethical issues that arise when conducting human subjects research, as well as the history that grounds policies and debates in this area of biomedicine.	Medicine, Humanities , Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Social Sciences
humantrafficking	Human Trafficking		The Ohio State University	Did you know that human trafficking is a form of modern day slavery?    Slavery has been around since the beginning of civilization and still persists across our world today. As a human rights issue, it is important to increase awareness as a starting point down the journey toward freedom for all.	Humanities , Health & Society, Social Sciences
hwswinterface	The Hardware/Software Interface	Gaetano Borriello and Luis Ceze	University of Washington	Examines key computational abstraction levels below modern high-level languages. From Java/C to assembly programming, to basic processor and system organization.	Computer Science: Systems & Security
hwts	Introduction to Household Water Treatment and Safe Storage		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Learn about the most important water treatment methods at household level, successful implementation strategies and about assessing the impact of Household Water Treatment and Safe Storage (HWTS). 	Health & Society
ictinprimary	ICT in Primary Education: Transforming children's learning across the curriculum		University of London	Why and how are teachers integrating ICT (Information and Communication Technology) into primary education? In this course we analyse examples from schools in different parts of the world, and bring professional teachers, headteachers and policymakers together to share their best ideas and inspiring stories. The materials in the course are based on studies carried out for the UNESCO Institute of IT in Education, Moscow.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
images	Image and video processing: From Mars to Hollywood with a stop at the hospital		Duke University	In this class you will look behind the scenes of image and video processing, from the basic and classical tools to the most modern and advanced algorithms.	Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
immigration	Citizenship and U.S. Immigration	Polly J. Price	Emory University	What does it mean for an immigrant to become a U.S. citizen? Through a background of historical and policy perspectives, this course will examine U.S. law governing how citizenship is acquired, the constitutional and international law foundations underlying immigration regulation, the role of the federal government in regulating immigration, and immigration law reform.  	Humanities , Law
improvisation	Jazz Improvisation	Gary Burton	Berklee College of Music	Learn the basic concepts of improvisation from Gary Burton, one of the most renowned improvisers in the jazz world, including the mental, melodic, and harmonic processes that contribute to the instinctive skills that an improviser puts to use when taking a solo.	Music, Film, and Audio
industorg	Теория отраслевых рынков (Industrial Organization)		Higher School of Economics	Курс посвящен закономерностям конкуренции, рассматриваемой в рамках концепции стратегического взаимодействия продавцов, включая олигополистическую конкуренцию и решения укоренившегося продавца, сталкивающегося с опасностью входа. Explore the factors that determine firm size and market structures by analyzing the strategic decisions made by market participants.	Economics & Finance
inf4oec	Informatik für Ökonomen		University of Zurich	Computer haben unser Leben tiefgreifend verändert. Um die heutige Gesellschaft und Wirtschaft und deren stetigen Veränderungen zu verstehen, muss man wissen, wie Computer funktionieren.  Das Ziel der Vorlesung Informatik für Ökonomen ist es, Ihnen eine Basis zu vermitteln, um unsere informationstechnisch gesteuerte Welt zu verstehen und darin erfolgreich zu sein. 	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management
inforisk	Building an Information Risk Management Toolkit		University of Washington	In this course, you will explore several structured, risk management approaches that guide information security decision-making. 	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Business & Management
inforiskman	Information Security and Risk Management in Context	Barbara Endicott-Popovsky	University of Washington	Learn to defend and protect vital company information using the latest technology and defense strategies. Analyze internal and external threats to proactively prevent information attacks. Gain experience by solving real-world problems and leave the class equipped to establish and oversee information security.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Business & Management
informationtheory	Information Theory	Raymond W. Yeung	The Chinese University of Hong Kong	This course is an introduction to information theory, which emphasizes fundamental concepts as well as analytical techniques. Specific topics include: Information Measures, The I-Measure, Zero-Error Data Compression, Weak Typicality, Strong Typicality, Discrete Memoryless Channels, etc.	Information, Tech & Design
infosec	Designing and Executing Information Security Strategies	Mike Simon	University of Washington	This course provides you with opportunities to integrate and apply your information security knowledge.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Business & Management
infrafinance	Financing and Investing in Infrastructure		Università Bocconi	Learn how debt and equity can be used to finance infrastructure investments and how investors approach infrastructure investments.	Economics & Finance
innovacion	Desarrollo rápido de productos innovadores para mercados emergentes	Arturo Molina Gutiérrez , David  Romero Díaz and Pedro Ponce Cruz	Tecnológico de Monterrey	Entender las metodologías para la innovación de productos para mercados emergentes.  Las metodologías son:  1) megatendencias sociales, tecnológicas y del comportamiento del consumidor 2) JTBD y 3) Matriz Morfológica.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
innovacionrea	Innovación educativa con recursos abiertos	María Soledad Ramírez Montoya and José Vladimir  Burgos Aguilar	Tecnológico de Monterrey	Este curso promueve el conocimiento de los recursos educativos abiertos y su integración en el movimiento educativo abierto como una oportunidad para innovar en los procesos formativos.	Education
innovation	Leading Strategic Innovation in Organizations	David  A. Owens	Vanderbilt University	Improve your ability to manage creativity and to lead an innovation strategy in businesses, schools, hospitals, governments, and other complex organizations and institutions, by diagnosing likely innovation failures before they occur.	Business & Management
innovativeideas	Developing Innovative Ideas for New Companies: The First Step in Entrepreneurship	James V. Green	University of Maryland, College Park	Explore how to identify and develop great ideas into great companies. Learn how to identify opportunities based on real customer needs. Develop solid business models. Create successful companies.	Business & Management
inquirytechniques	Inquiry Science Learning: Perspectives and Practices 2 - Techniques for Success		Rice University	This is the second in a series of four courses; each addressing a different set of skills science educators need to meet the demands of their career. In this course, teachers will engage in experiences designed to develop the skills needed to create a more powerful science learning environment in their classroom.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
insidetheinternet	Internet History, Technology, and Security	Charles Severance	University of Michigan	What is the Internet? How was it created? How does it work?  How do we secure communications on the Internet?	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security
instructmethodshpe	Instructional Methods in Health Professions Education		University of Michigan	This course provides those involved in educating members of the health professions an asynchronous, interdisciplinary, and interactive way to obtain, expand, and improve their teaching skills. These skills can then be applied within their own professional context, with a variety of learners, extending across many stages.	Medicine, Health & Society, Education
integratedanalysis	Integrated Analysis in Systems Biology		Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	This course will focus on developing integrative skills through directed reading and analysis of the current primary literature to enable the student to develop the capstone project as the overall final exam for the specialization in systems biology. 	Biology & Life Sciences
interactivepython	An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python	Joe Warren, Scott Rixner, Stephen Wong and John Greiner	Rice University	This course is designed to be a fun introduction to the basics of programming in Python. Our main focus will be on building simple interactive games such as Pong, Blackjack and Asteroids.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
interorg	International Organizations Management	Gilbert Probst	University of Geneva	This course provides an overview of the management challenges international organizations & NGOs are faced with. You will learn key theoretical frameworks and practical tools to excel in this environment. 	Business & Management
intlcriminallaw	Introduction to International Criminal Law	Michael Scharf	Case Western Reserve University	Taught by one of the world’s leading experts in the field, this course will educate students about the fundamentals of international criminal law and policy. We will explore the challenges of prosecuting international genocide, war crimes, terrorism, and piracy cases. 	Law
intlhumanrightslaw	International Human Rights Law: Prospects and Challenges		Duke University	This course introduces the international and domestic laws, institutions, and legal and political theories that protect basic liberties of all human beings.  The course provides an overview of the internal law of human rights and the principal mechanisms and strategies for holding governments accountable for violating those rights.	Social Sciences, Law
intro-cpp-fr	Initiation à la programmation (en C++)	Jean-Cédric Chappelier and Jamila Sam	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours initie à la programmation en utilisant le langage C++. Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en C++)». 	Computer Science: Software Engineering
intro-java-fr	Initiation à la programmation (en Java)	Jean-Cédric Chappelier and Jamila Sam	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours initie à la programmation en utilisant le langage Java. Il ne présuppose pas de connaissance préalable. Les aspects plus avancés (programmation orientée objet) sont donnés dans un cours suivant, «Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)». 	Computer Science: Software Engineering
introastro	Introduction to Astronomy	Ronen Plesser	Duke University	An introduction to astronomy through a broad survey of what we know about the universe and how we know it.	Physics
introbiology	Preparation for Introductory Biology: DNA to Organisms	Adrienne Williams and Diane O'Dowd	University of California, Irvine	Through this class you should be able to explain basic concepts in cellular and molecular biology using correct terminology, as well as develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills that can be applied to all of your studies of biology.	Biology & Life Sciences
introeulaw	The Law of the European Union: An Introduction	Stefaan Van den Bogaert	Universiteit Leiden	The EU is the most successful supranational legal order to which 27 Member States have transferred sovereign rights. This course explores the functioning of the unique creature that is the EU, the impact of its laws on states, citizens and companies, and the current challenges it faces.	Humanities , Social Sciences, Law
introfinance	Introduction to Finance	Gautam Kaul	University of Michigan	This course will introduce you to frameworks and tools to measure value; both for corporate and personal assets. It will also help you in decision-making, again at both the corporate and personal levels.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
introgalois	Introduction à la théorie de Galois		École normale supérieure	Le cours expose la théorie de Galois, du classique critère de non-résolubilité des équations polynomiales aux méthodes plus avancées de calcul de groupes de Galois par réduction modulo un nombre premier.	Mathematics
intrologic	Introduction to Logic	Michael Genesereth	Stanford University	In this course, you will learn how to formalize information and reason systematically to produce logical conclusions. We will also examine logic technology and its applications - in mathematics, science, engineering, business, law, and so forth.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics
intropharma	Introduction to Pharmacy	Kenneth M. Hale, R.Ph., Ph.D.	The Ohio State University	This course is a survey of the profession of pharmacy including its history, evolving scope of practice, ethical foundations, regulation, educational and career opportunities, and more. We will also explore topics relating to medication use and drug development.	Medicine, Health & Society
introphil	Introduction to Philosophy	Dave Ward, Duncan Pritchard, Michela Massimi, Suilin Lavelle, Matthew Chrisman, Allan Hazlett and Alasdair Richmond	The University of Edinburgh	This course will introduce you to some of the most important areas of research in contemporary philosophy. Each week a different philosopher will talk you through some of the most important questions and issues in their area of expertise.	Humanities 
intropsych	Introduction to Psychology		University of Toronto	This course is all about you ... your mind, your behavior, and what underlies them both.  It will be a fast paced tour of the most important experiments in psychology, one that is intended to fascinate, inform, and provoke deep thought.  Come learn about yourself with us!	Social Sciences
introse	Introduction to Systems Engineering		UNSW Australia (The University of New South Wales)	Learn how the discipline of systems engineering can lead to the successful development of complex systems.	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management, Engineering
introstats	Statistics: Making Sense of Data	Alison Gibbs and Jeffrey Rosenthal	University of Toronto	This course is an introduction to the key ideas and principles of the collection, display, and analysis of data to guide you in making valid and appropriate conclusions about the world.	Statistics and Data Analysis
introthermodynamics	Introduction to Thermodynamics: Transferring Energy from Here to There	Margaret Wooldridge	University of Michigan	In this course, you will learn how to characterize the energy state of a system and the mechanisms for transferring energy from one system to another.  These are the tools necessary to understand stationary and transportation power systems from small scale, like batteries, to large scale, like nuclear power plants.	Engineering, Energy & Earth Sciences
introtoclassical	Introduction to Classical Music	Kevin Korsyn	University of Michigan	This course will focus on Western classical music of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries; it is designed for people who are passionate about classical music but who have not necessarily had any advanced training or taken any college-level music courses.  The only prerequisite is a basic knowledge of how to read musical notation.	Music, Film, and Audio
introtolca	How Green Is That Product? An Introduction to Life Cycle Environmental Assessment	Eric Masanet	Northwestern University	In this course you will learn the basics of the life-cycle assessment (LCA) method for holistic environmental analysis of products, technologies, and systems. LCA sheds light on the environmental implications of the consumption and behavioral choices we all make on a daily basis.	Engineering, Statistics and Data Analysis, Energy & Earth Sciences
java-fr	Introduction à la programmation orientée objet (en Java)	Jean-Cédric Chappelier and Jamila Sam	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours introduit la programmation orientée objet en l'illustrant en langage Java. Il présuppose connues les bases de la programmation (variables, types, boucles, fonctions, ...). Il est conçu comme la suite du cours «Initiation à la programmation (en Java)».	Computer Science: Software Engineering
jefferson	Age of Jefferson		Monticello	This is a six week course providing an overview of Thomas Jefferson's work and perspectives presented by the University of Virginia in partnership with Thomas Jefferson’s Monticello.  Together, UVA and Monticello are recognized internationally as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Humanities 
jerusalem	The Fall and Rise of Jerusalem		Tel Aviv University	Learn about Judah under Babylonian rule	Humanities 
k12virtualtrends	Emerging Trends & Technologies in the Virtual K-12 Classroom		University of California, Irvine	Learn about emerging trends and technologies in K-12 virtual instruction. Join us as we explore this dynamic landscape and investigate how we can more deeply engage students in the virtual classroom through the use of innovative practices and technologies.	Information, Tech & Design, Education, Teacher Professional Development
kennedy	The Kennedy Half Century		University of Virginia	Learn how John F. Kennedy's life, presidential administration, and tragic death have influenced the general public, the media, and all nine U.S. presidents over the last fifty years.   THIS COURSE IS OFFERED FREE OF CHARGE!  Follow @LarrySabato on Twitter. He tweets frequently about JFK and other political subjects.  	Humanities , Education, Social Sciences
kierkegaard	Søren Kierkegaard - Subjectivity, Irony and the Crisis of Modernity	Jon Stewart	University of Copenhagen	In this course we will explore how Kierkegaard deals with the problems associated with relativism, the lack of meaning and the undermining of religious faith that are typical of modern life. His penetrating analyses are still highly relevant today and have been seen as insightful for the leading figures of Existentialism, Post-Structuralism and Post-Modernism. 	Humanities 
kunqu	The Beauty of Kunqu Opera | 崑曲之美	Hsien-yung Kenneth Pai and Wei Hua	The Chinese University of Hong Kong	本課程以崑曲的歷史文化背景、音樂、表演、文學、美學為核心主題，透過解說、欣賞、分析、討論，加深學生對中國傳統文化、古典文學與表演藝術之鑑賞能力。 課程所選崑劇經典如《牡丹亭》和《長生殿》，學生除研讀其劇本選齣，並將在老師的導引下，觀賞、領會崑曲載歌載舞、寫意抒情的特點。	Arts
laborec	Экономика труда (Labor economics)		Higher School of Economics	В курсе изучаются основы экономической теории рынка труда, объясняющие поведение основных участников рынка труда – домохозяйств, фирм и государства.  We will study the economic theory of the labor market, explaining the behavior of the main agents in the labor market - households, firms and the state. 	Economics & Finance
latex	Документы и презентации в LaTeX (Introduction to LaTeX)		Higher School of Economics	LaTeX (читается «латех») — научная издательская система. На этом курсе вы узнаете, как оформить ваши идеи в виде красивого, профессионально сверстанного текста или слайдов презентации.  LaTeX ('lay-tech') is a desktop publishing system for academic publications. Learn how to put your research into professionally looking form of a printed text or presentation slides.	Information, Tech & Design
latinamericanculture	Latin American Culture	Enrique Tamés	Tecnológico de Monterrey	This course seeks to interest students in the Latin American culture by studying it from multiple perspectives.	Humanities , Social Sciences
latinmigration	Latin American Migration		The Ohio State University	This course is about the historical, sociocultural, and economic causes of Latin American migration, and the economic, political, and cultural impact that the Latino/a population has in the physiognomy of this country. It situates the Latin American migration in the global scenario and the Latino/a population in the national arena.	Social Sciences
law	Law and the Entrepreneur 	Esther Barron and Steve Reed	Northwestern University	This course will highlight the critical legal and business issues entrepreneurs face as they build and launch a new venture.  We will explore real world scenarios, and address the legal and business issues that entrepreneurs face, from the moment they conceive of the "million dollar idea" to all of the important junctures along the path to success.	Business & Management, Law
lawandecon	Property and Liability: An Introduction to Law and Economics	Richard Adelstein	Wesleyan University	Think about the oldest and most familiar principles of American law, property and proportional liability, in a new and surprising way, and learn to apply economic reasoning to an especially important and interesting aspect of life. 	Economics & Finance, Humanities , Law
lead-ei	Inspiring Leadership through Emotional Intelligence	Richard Boyatzis	Case Western Reserve University	Emotional intelligence, hope, mindfulness, and compassion help a person reverse the damage of chronic stress and build great leadership relationships. The Positive and Negative Emotional Attractors inspire sustained, desired change and learning at many levels. 	Business & Management, Education, Social Sciences
lifenutr	Nutrition, Health, and Lifestyle: Issues and Insights	Jamie Pope, MS, RD, LDN	Vanderbilt University	This seven week course will explore nutrition concepts that take center stage in mainstream media outlets and become conversation topics among consumers interested in food choice as it relates to optimal health and physical performance.	Biology & Life Sciences, Food and Nutrition
linearopt	Linear and Discrete Optimization	Friedrich Eisenbrand	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	The course is an introduction to linear and discrete optimization - an important part of computational mathematics with a wide range of applications in many areas of everyday life.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics
linearprogramming	Linear and Integer Programming	Sriram Sankaranarayanan	University of Colorado System	This course will cover the very basic ideas in optimization. Topics include the basic theory and algorithms behind linear and integer linear programming along with some of the important applications. We will also explore the theory of convex polyhedra using linear programming. 	Computer Science: Theory, Economics & Finance, Engineering
livearthistory	Live!:  A History of Art for Artists, Animators and Gamers	Jeannene Przyblyski	California Institute of the Arts	Explore art history from the artist's perspective.  Learn how contemporary artists, animators and gamers work from the art of the past as part of their creative process, while building your own skills in visual analysis and creative and critical thinking. 	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio, Arts
logic1	Logic: Language and Information 1		The University of Melbourne	This is an introduction to formal logic and how it is applied in computer science, electronic engineering, linguistics and philosophy. You will learn propositional logic—its language, interpretations and proofs, and apply it to solve problems in a wide range of disciplines.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics, Humanities , Engineering, Arts
logic2	Logic: Language and Information 2		The University of Melbourne	This is an introduction to predicate logic and how it is applied in computer science, electronic engineering, linguistics, mathematics and philosophy. Building on your knowledge of propositional logic, you will learn predicate logic—its language, interpretations and proofs, and apply it to solve problems in a wide range of disciplines.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics, Humanities , Engineering, Arts
ltto	Learning to Teach Online		UNSW Australia (The University of New South Wales)	Based upon the successful educational resources of the same name, the Learning to Teach Online (LTTO) MOOC is designed to help existing educators establish or improve their own online or blended teaching practices. The target audience is primarily teachers in higher education, K-12, community college, and vocational or private education.	Education
lyingcamera	The Camera Never Lies	Emmett Sullivan of Royal Holloway, University of London	University of London	Film, images & historical interpretation in the 20th century for those who have a general interest in photojournalism, and films based on historical events.	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
m2o2c2	Massively Multivariable Open Online Calculus Course		The Ohio State University	M2O2C2 provides a first taste of multivariable differential calculus. By introducing the machinery of linear algebra, this course provides helpful tools for understanding the derivative of a function of many variables.	Mathematics
machlearning	Machine Learning	Pedro Domingos	University of Washington	Why write programs when the computer can instead learn them from data? In this class you will learn how to make this happen, from the simplest machine learning algorithms to quite sophisticated ones. Enjoy!	Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
macroec	Макроэкономика (Macroeconomics)		Higher School of Economics	Курс посвящен изучению макроэкономических вопросов, таких как долгосрочный рост, циклические колебания экономики и стабилизационная политика государства.  The course covers major macroeconomic issues, such as long-run growth, cyclical fluctuations of the economy, and stabilization policy. 	Economics & Finance
macroeconomics	Principles of Macroeconomics	Nilss Olekalns	The University of Melbourne	 All of us are affected by macroeconomic forces – they shape the very world we live in. And governments all around the world try to shape those forces in ways that (hopefully) improve the lives of their constituents. In this subject, we will examine the major theories used by macro economists to analyse national economies and the international economy. 	Economics & Finance
malsoftware	Malicious Software and its Underground Economy: Two Sides to Every Story	Lorenzo Cavallaro of Royal Holloway, University of London	University of London	Learn about traditional and mobile malware, the security threats they represent, state-of-the-art analysis and detection techniques, and the underground ecosystem that drives such a profitable but illegal business.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
managerisk	Risk and Opportunity: Managing Risk for Development		The World Bank	Risk is present in everyday life – it cannot be completely eliminated, but when ignored can turn into crisis. Taking on risk has often been central to development, but the fear of loss can prevent people from pursuing opportunities, leaving many poor people trapped in poverty.	Economics & Finance, Social Sciences
managingmoney	Managing Your Time, Money, and Career: MBA Insights for Undergraduates		University of California, Irvine	This course provides an introduction to the concepts of time and money management along with career and life planning. This course is specifically aimed at new and incoming college students. This is not an MBA prep course. 	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
maps	Maps and the Geospatial Revolution	Anthony C. Robinson	The Pennsylvania State University	Learn how advances in geospatial technology and analytical methods have changed how we do everything, and discover how to make maps and analyze geographic patterns using the latest tools.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis, Social Sciences
marketing	An Introduction to Marketing		University of Pennsylvania	This Wharton course will teach the fundamentals of marketing by getting to the root of customer decision making. The course will focus on branding strategies, customer centricity and new market entry.	Business & Management
marketswithfrictions	Markets with Frictions	Randall Wright	University of Wisconsin–Madison	This course explores markets with frictions. The goal is to sharpen our economic reasoning, add a few twists that you are unlikely to have seen in other courses, and apply the methods to interesting phenomena. This should improve the way you think analytically about the economy, and help address interesting issues that come up in the real world.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
marriageandmovies	Marriage and the Movies: A History		Wesleyan University	The topic of marriage in the movies has always provided a fascinating reflection of changing social attitudes, shifting morals and gender roles. We will explore how films have defined marriage, identified seven core problems, and varied its three narrative components -- a couple, their problems, their situation -- from decade to decade from the silent to the modern era.	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
massiveteaching	Teaching goes massive: new skills required		University of Zurich	The course offers a review of (at least) the business, legal, pedagogical and technical aspects of MOOCs, destined to higher education professionals who might feel threatened by them in terms of job security.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
mathematicalmethods	Mathematical Methods for Quantitative Finance		University of Washington	Mathematical Methods for Quantitative Finance covers topics from calculus and linear algebra that are fundamental for the study of mathematical finance. Students successfully completing this course will be mathematically well prepared to study quantitative finance at the graduate level.	Economics & Finance, Mathematics, Business & Management
mathphil	Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy	Hannes Leitgeb and Stephan Hartmann	Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)	Learn how to apply mathematical methods to philosophical problems and questions.	Mathematics, Humanities 
maththink	Introduction to Mathematical Thinking	Keith Devlin	Stanford University	Learn how to think the way mathematicians do - a powerful cognitive process developed over thousands of years.	Mathematics
matrix	Coding the Matrix: Linear Algebra through Computer Science Applications	Phil Klein	Brown University	Learn the concepts and methods of linear algebra, and how to use them to think about computational problems arising in computer science.  Coursework includes building on the concepts to write small programs and run them on real data. 	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics, Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
meatweeat	The Meat We Eat		University of Florida	The Meat We Eat is a course designed to create a more informed consumer about the quality, safety, healthfulness and sustainability of muscle foods and address current issues in animal agriculture in developed and developing countries.	Biology & Life Sciences, Food and Nutrition
mecanique	Mécanique I		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	À l’École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, un cours de physique générale fait partie de la formation de tous les futurs ingénieurs et scientifiques. Le présent cours de mécanique en fait partie. Il a pour but de leur apprendre à transcrire sous forme mathématique un phénomène physique, afin de pouvoir en formuler une analyse raisonnée.	Physics
medicalneuro	Medical Neuroscience	Leonard E. White	Duke University	Explore the structure and function of the human central nervous system. Learn why knowledge of human neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neural plasticity, and new discovery in the brain sciences matters for clinical practice in the health professions.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
meditation	Buddhist Meditation and the Modern World		University of Virginia	Introduces students to (i) the history of Buddhist contemplative traditions in India and Tibet (meditation, yoga, mindfulness, visualization, etc.), (ii) innovations in scientific research on understanding such contemplative practices, (iii) recent adaptations of such practices in multiple professional and personal areas, and (iv) the practices themselves through brief secular contemplative exercises.	Medicine, Humanities , Health & Society, Business & Management, Arts
megafauna	Marine Megafauna: An Introduction to Marine Science and Conservation		Duke University	An introduction to the basics of marine science and conservation, brought to you with the help of sea turtles, marine mammals, seabirds and many more of the most compelling creatures in the ocean. 	Biology & Life Sciences
mentalhealth	The Social Context of Mental Health and Illness	Charmaine Williams	University of Toronto	Learn how social factors promote mental health, influence the onset and course of mental illness, and affect how mental illnesses are diagnosed and treated.	Health & Society
metadata	Metadata: Organizing and Discovering Information	Jeffrey Pomerantz	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Metadata is an unsung hero of the modern world, the plumbing that makes the information age possible. This course describes how Metadata is used as an information tool for the Web, for databases, and for the software and computing applications around us.	Information, Tech & Design
metals	Wheels of Metals: the Global Metals Challenge		Universiteit Leiden	Population and welfare are growing and the global supply of metals is a major challenge. Only with reuse and recycling will metals be available in sufficient quantities. We will explore the conditions and consequences of closed loop economies for metals, based on the reports of UNEP's International Resource Panel.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
microcontroleurs	Comprendre les Microcontrôleurs		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Ce cours donne les bases théoriques et pratiques nécessaires à une bonne compréhension et utilisation des microcontrôleurs. De nombreux exemples seront abordés. Des exercices seront proposés, compatibles avec les cartes à microcontrôleurs Arduino ou LaunchPad MSP430G.	Information, Tech & Design, Engineering
microecon	Microeconomics Principles	Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	Introduction to the functions of individual decision-makers, both consumers and producers, within the larger economic system. Primary emphasis on the nature and functions of product markets, the theory of the firm under varying conditions of competition and monopoly, and the role of government in promoting efficiency in the economy.	Economics & Finance
microeconomic	Основы микроэкономики (Microeconomics Principles)		Higher School of Economics	Самое сложное экономическое событие сводится, в конечном счёте, к действиям отдельных людей и фирм. Микроэкономика показывает, как можно эти действия анализировать – как люди выбирают, что потреблять, а фирмы – что производить. Microeconomic theory tells how people decide what to consume, and firms – what to produce and how to win over their competitors in the market. 	Economics & Finance
ml	Machine Learning	Andrew Ng, Associate Professor	Stanford University	Learn about the most effective machine learning techniques, and gain practice implementing them and getting them to work for yourself.	Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
modelsystems	Everything is the Same: Modeling Engineered Systems	Todd D. Murphey	Northwestern University	This introduction to engineering course will help you learn modeling and analysis techniques for electrical, mechanical, and chemical systems and discover how engineered systems that seem very different are actually very similar.  	Engineering
modelthinking	Model Thinking	Scott E. Page	University of Michigan	In this class, you will learn how to think with models and use them to make sense of the complex world around us.	Economics & Finance, Humanities 
modernmiddleeast	The Emergence of the Modern Middle East		Tel Aviv University	Learn about the history of the Middle East for a deeper understanding of current regional developments!	Humanities 
modernpoetry	Modern & Contemporary American Poetry	Al Filreis	University of Pennsylvania	ModPo is a fast-paced introduction to modern and contemporary U.S. poetry, with an emphasis on experimental verse, from Dickinson and Whitman to the present. Participants (who need no prior experience with poetry) will learn how to read poems that are supposedly "difficult."	Humanities , Arts
modernpostmodern	The Modern and the Postmodern	Michael S. Roth	Wesleyan University	This course examines how the idea of "the modern" develops at the end of the 18th century in European philosophy and literature, and how being modern (or progressive, or hip) became one of the crucial criteria for understanding and evaluating cultural change. Are we still in modernity, or have we moved beyond the modern to the postmodern?	Humanities 
modernworld	The Modern World: Global History since 1760	Philip Zelikow	University of Virginia	This is a survey of modern history from a global perspective. It begins with the revolutions of the late 1700s, tracks the transformation of the world during the 1800s, and analyzes the cataclysms of last century, concluding with the new phase of world history we are experiencing today.	Humanities 
molevol	Computational Molecular Evolution	Anders Gorm Pedersen	Technical University of Denmark (DTU)	In this course you will learn about how and why DNA and protein sequences evolve. You will learn the theory behind methods for building and analyzing phylogenetic trees, and get hands-on experience with some widely used software packages. 	Biology & Life Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis
money	Economics of Money and Banking, Part One		Columbia University	Introduction to a “money view” of economic activity for modern times, building on the intellectual traditions of British central banking and American institutionalism. Part One explores the economics of payment systems and money markets. Part Two explores connections with foreign exchange and capital markets.	Economics & Finance
money2	Economics of Money and Banking, Part Two		Columbia University	Introduction to a “money view” of economic activity for modern times, building on the intellectual traditions of British central banking and American institutionalism. Part One explores the economics of payment systems and money markets. Part Two explores connections with foreign exchange and capital markets.  NOTE:  The first week of Part Two reviews Part One, so you can take Part Two even if you missed Part One.	
moralities	Moralities of Everyday Life		Yale University	How can we explain kindness and cruelty? Where does our sense of right and wrong come from? Why do people so often disagree about moral issues? This course explores the psychological foundations of our moral lives. 	Humanities , Social Sciences
mosfet	MOS Transistors	Yannis Tsividis	Columbia University	Learn how MOS transistors work, and how to model them. The understanding provided in this course is essential not only for device modelers, but also for designers of high-performance circuits. 	Engineering
multivar	Çok Değişkenli Fonksiyonlarda Türev ve Entegral I: Temel Kavram ve Yöntemler / Multivariable Calculus I: Fundamental Concepts and Basic Techniques		Koç University	Ders çok değişkenli fonksiyonlardaki ikili dizinin birincisidir. Burada çok değişkenli fonksiyonlardaki temel türev ve entegral kavramlarını geliştirmek ve bu konulardaki problemleri çözmekteki temel yöntemleri sunmaktadır. Ders gerçek yaşamdan gelen uygulamaları da tanıtmaya önem veren “içerikli yaklaşımla” tasarlanmıştır.	Mathematics
music-ensembles	Fundamentals of Rehearsing Music Ensembles	Evan Feldman	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Learn and practice the basic principles of running an effective music ensemble rehearsal.  Techniques and strategies are applicable to a variety of ensembles, including bands, orchestras, choirs, and chamber groups.	Music, Film, and Audio
musichistoryperforms	From the Repertoire: Western Music History through Performance	Jonathan  Coopersmith and David Ludwig	Curtis Institute of Music	This course will focus on eight important works from the Western classical-music repertoire that represent different eras and genres throughout history. We'll observe performances of this music recorded at Curtis, and our interactive discussions will explore each work’s historical context, musical significance, and compositional design.	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
musicianship	Developing Your Musicianship		Berklee College of Music	Learn the basic concepts and approaches needed to understand, create, and perform contemporary music. 	Music, Film, and Audio
musicproduction	Introduction to Music Production	Loudon Stearns	Berklee College of Music	Learn about the music production process—including recording, editing, and mixing—and the tools available to you to create contemporary music on your computer. 	Music, Film, and Audio
musicsbigbang	Music's Big Bang: The Genesis of Rock 'n' Roll		University of Florida	Explores the factors — musical and cultural — that led to the birth of American rock 'n' roll music in the early 1950s.	Music, Film, and Audio
musictech	Survey of Music Technology		Georgia Institute of Technology	Learn to make music with digital audio workstation software, understand the theory and history behind music production tools, and write your own computer programs to make new music and sounds.	Music, Film, and Audio
musictheory	Fundamentals of Music Theory		The University of Edinburgh	This course will introduce students to the theory of music, providing them with the skills needed to read and write Western music notation, as well as to understand, analyse, and listen informedly. It will cover material such as pitches and scales, intervals, clefs, rhythm, form, meter, phrases and cadences, and basic harmony. 	Music, Film, and Audio
muslimworld	Constitutional Struggles in the Muslim World	Ebrahim Afsah	University of Copenhagen	Learn what motivates the restive Muslim youth from Tunis to Tehran, what political positions Islamists from Mali to Chechnya are fighting for, where the seeming obsession with Islamic law comes from, where the secularists have vanished to, and whether it makes sense to speak of an Islamic state.	Humanities , Social Sciences, Law
mysticthought	Modern European Mysticism and Psychological Thought	Jonathan Garb	Hebrew University of Jerusalem	The course will examine the psychological thought of the modern mystical traditions in Europe. We shall focus on two topics with wider cultural implications – the soul and the heart.  	Humanities 
mythology	Greek and Roman Mythology	Peter Struck	University of Pennsylvania	This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations.	Humanities 
nanosar	التقانة والمستشعرات النانوية		Technion - Israel Institute of Technology	 هو مساق للمهتمين في التعرف على أدوات الاستشعار الحديثة التي تستعين بتقانة النانو (وهي التقانة التي تبحث في المجال بين واحد إلى مئة نانوميتر، أي في أجزاء من المليار من المتر) لفرز ومراقبة الأحداث المختلفة في حياتنا الشخصية أو العملية.  في أطار المساق، سنكتشف معا عالم النانو المذهل الذي يتعامل مع الوحدات الأساسية في بناء المادة.  وبهذا سوف نمهد الطريق لتطبيقات إبداعية لانهائية تطبق في كل جزء من حياتنا اليومية، بدءا من تشخيصات وعلاجات (في الجسم الحي أو خارجه) للأمراض، وثم نستمر في تقانة مراقبة جودة المنتوجات وما يختص بالبيئة، وننهي في تقانة مراقبة القضايا الأمنية.  سنتعلم في هذا السعي كيف نصَنع هذه الأدوات الجديدة، وكيف نميزها، وكيف نتحكم بها، وكيف ندمجها في التطبيقات المختلفة. 	Biology & Life Sciences, Engineering, Chemistry
nanosensors	Nanotechnology and Nanosensors		Technion - Israel Institute of Technology	Learn about novel sensing tools that make use of nanotechnology to screen, detect and monitor various events in personal or professional life. Together, we will lay the groundwork for infinite innovative applications, starting from diagnosis and treatments of diseases, continuing with quality control of goods and environmental aspects, and ending with monitoring security issues. 	Biology & Life Sciences, Engineering, Chemistry
nanotech	Nanotechnology: The Basics	Vicki Colvin and Daniel Mittleman	Rice University	Nanotechnology is an emerging area that engages almost every technical discipline – from chemistry to computer science – in the study and application of extremely tiny materials.  This short course allows any technically savvy person to go one layer beyond the surface of this broad topic to see the real substance behind the very small.	Health & Society, Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Engineering, Physics, Chemistry
needpsych	Why We Need Psychology	Simon  Green	University of London	For adults with an interest in the study of human behaviour – especially those who have often considered studying psychology but who have yet to begin.   	Humanities 
netsysbio	Network Analysis in Systems Biology	Avi Ma’ayan	Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	An introduction to network analysis and statistical methods used in contemporary Systems Biology, Bioinformatics and Systems Pharmacology research. 	Biology & Life Sciences, Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
networks	Networked Life	Michael Kearns	University of Pennsylvania	Networked Life will explore recent scientific efforts to explain social, economic and technological structures -- and the way these structures interact -- on many different scales, from the behavior of individuals or small groups to that of complex networks such as the Internet and the global economy.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
neuralnets	Neural Networks for Machine Learning	Geoffrey Hinton	University of Toronto	Learn about artificial neural networks and how they're being used for machine learning, as applied to speech and object recognition, image segmentation, modeling language and human motion, etc. We'll emphasize both the basic algorithms and the practical tricks needed to get them to work well.	Statistics and Data Analysis, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
neurobio	Understanding the Brain: The Neurobiology of Everyday Life		The University of Chicago	Learn how the nervous system produces behavior, how we use our brain every day, and how neuroscience can explain the common problems afflicting people today. We will study functional human neuroanatomy and neuronal communication, and then use this information to understand how we perceive the outside world, move our bodies voluntarily, stay alive, and play well with others.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
neuroec	Introduction to Neuroeconomics: how the brain makes decisions		Higher School of Economics	Economics, psychology, and neuroscience are converging today into a unified discipline of Neuroeconomics with the ultimate aim of providing a single, general theory of human decision making.  Neuroeconomics provides economists, psychologists and social scientists with a deeper understanding of how they make their own decisions, and how others decide.  	Economics & Finance, Biology & Life Sciences
neuroethics	Neuroethics	Jonathan D. Moreno, Ph.D.	University of Pennsylvania	This course will examine the ethical, legal and social issues raised by neuroscience. Topics will include the implications of new knowledge of the brain for our understanding of selfhood, for the meaning of privacy, for the distinction between therapy and enhancement, and for national security.	Health & Society
newchinahistory1	A New History for a New China, 1700-2000: New Data and New Methods, Part 1	James Z. Lee	The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology	The purpose of this course is to summarize some of the new directions in Chinese history and Chinese social science produced by the discovery and analysis of new historical data, in particular archival documents and datasets, and to organize this knowledge in a framework that encourages learning about China in comparative perspective.	Humanities , Social Sciences
newnordicdiet	The New Nordic Diet - from Gastronomy to Health 	Arne Astrup	University of Copenhagen	The New Nordic Diet is a new food culture which emphasizes gastronomy, health, and environment. This course presents the scientific background of the New Nordic Diet, the world’s largest research project into adult and child health and well-being, and will help you better understand the global challenges such as obesity and obesity-related diseases. 	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences, Food and Nutrition
newwayhealthcare	Interprofessional Healthcare Informatics 	Karen  Monsen	University of Minnesota	This course examines the implications of informatics for practice, in nursing, public health, and healthcare in general. It covers electronic health record issues and relates ethical, legislative and political issues to health informatics. Students will also explore global and future informatics issues.	Information, Tech & Design, Health & Society, Social Sciences
ni	Networks Illustrated: Principles without Calculus		Princeton University	This course serves as an introduction to the basic principles that govern all aspects of our networked lives. We will learn about companies like Google and technologies like the Internet in a way that requires no mathematics beyond basic algebra.	Economics & Finance, Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security
nlangp	Natural Language Processing	Michael Collins	Columbia University	Have you ever wondered how to build a system that automatically translates between languages? Or a system that can understand natural language instructions from a human?  This class will cover the fundamentals of mathematical and computational models of language, and the application of these models to key problems in natural language processing.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
nlp	Natural Language Processing	Dan Jurafsky, Professor. Christopher Manning, Associate Professor	Stanford University	In this class, you will learn fundamental algorithms and mathematical models for processing natural language, and how these can be used to solve practical problems.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
ntufsc	Introduction to Forensic Science		Nanyang Technological University, Singapore	Understand how basic scientific principles underpin forensic science and can contribute to solving criminal cases.	Biology & Life Sciences, Chemistry
ntuintrooptics	基礎光學 I (Introduction to Optics I)		National Taiwan University	以深入淺出的概念說明日常生活與科學應用中常見的光學現象，特色在於大量的範例以及實驗展示。	Physics
ntumlone	機器學習基石 (Machine Learning Foundations)		National Taiwan University	Machine learning is the study that allows computers to adaptively improve their performance with experience accumulated from the data observed. The course teaches the most fundamental algorithmic, theoretical and practical tools that any user of machine learning needs to know. [機器學習旨在讓電腦能由資料中累積的經驗來自我進步。本課程將介紹各領域中的機器學習使用者都應該知道的基礎演算法、理論及實務工具。]	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
ntusym	Beauty, Form & Function: An Exploration of Symmetry		Nanyang Technological University, Singapore	Students will learn how to identify symmetrical forms and appreciate their importance in nature, art, architecture, crystallography and technology. By completing this course you will understand symmetry quantitatively, recognize its role in beauty and design and appreciate its function in our everyday life. Workload Breakdown: 4-6 hrs/week for Normal Track; 7-10 hrs/week for Signature Track.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Arts, Chemistry
ntuugp	活用希臘哲學 (Understanding the Greek Philosophy)		National Taiwan University		本課程之教學內容以希臘哲學之發展為主，並輔以哲學對人生意義之說明。希臘哲學是西洋哲學的骨幹，呈現西方人思維的核心理念，不但足以解釋今日之西方世界，甚至可以說明全世界的發展趨勢。本課程以希臘哲學為教學之主幹，分為先蘇哲學、詭辯學派、蘇格拉底、柏拉圖、亞理斯多德五個階段。教學的方式以強調他們之間的不同與相同的部分。課程將以演講的方式進行，揉合日常經驗作說明，並不時地會以整體的角度回頭看希臘哲學在今日哲學與社會所扮演的角色。 	Humanities 
nuclearscience	A Look at Nuclear Science and Technology	Larry Foulke	University of Pittsburgh	This course will focus on the theory, design and operation of commercial nuclear power reactors. The course will also touch on contemporary issues regarding nuclear power generation including: the nuclear fuel cycle, the economics of nuclear power, and nuclear non-proliferation.	Engineering, Physics, Chemistry
nutrition	Nutrition for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention	Katie Ferraro	University of California, San Francisco	This course covers the basics of normal nutrition for optimal health outcomes and evidence-based diets for a variety of diseases.	Economics & Finance, Medicine, Health & Society, Food and Nutrition
nutritionforhealth	Nutrition and Physical Activity for Health	John M. Jakicic and Amy D. Rickman	University of Pittsburgh	This course will provide a coherent, understandable look at the evidence on how nutrition and physical activity impact health through lower morbidity, longevity, and quality of life.	Education, Food and Nutrition
obesityecon	Principles of Obesity Economics	Kevin Frick	Johns Hopkins University	The resources available to individuals and society and the prices of goods in the market shape our choices - even about the food we eat and the weight at which we live. This course explores the economic motivation for consumer choice and the economic role of government in markets related to obesity.	Economics & Finance, Health & Society, Food and Nutrition
oceansolutions	Ocean Solutions		University of Western Australia	This course will look at how intelligent and innovative use of the ocean can sustainably deliver the key resources necessary to help meet some of the great challenges faced by humanity.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
oldglobe	Growing Old Around the Globe	Sarah Kagan and Anne Shoemaker	University of Pennsylvania	The world is ageing – people are older and societies are facing hard realities.  What are we to make our lives in this time of global ageing? In six weeks, we analyze critical questions about age and ageing around the world.	Medicine, Health & Society
olympicgames	The Olympic Games and the Media		Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona	This course analyzes the intersection between the Olympic Games and the media and how television and other media contribute to fund, shape and disseminate the major sporting spectacle in the world: the Olympic Games.	Information, Tech & Design, Humanities , Business & Management, Social Sciences
onlinegames	Online Games: Literature, New Media, and Narrative	Jay Clayton	Vanderbilt University	Focused on Tolkien and The Lord of the Rings Online, this course explores what happens to stories and films when they are turned into online games.	Humanities , Arts
operations	An Introduction to Operations Management	Christian Terwiesch	University of Pennsylvania	This course will teach you how to analyze and improve business processes, be it in services or in manufacturing. You will learn how to improve productivity, how to provide more choice to customers, how to reduce response times, and how to improve quality.	Business & Management
optimization	Discrete Optimization	Professor Pascal Van Hentenryck	The University of Melbourne	Tired of solving Sudokus by hand? This class teaches you how to solve complex search problems with discrete optimization concepts and algorithms, including constraint programming, local search, and mixed-integer programming.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
opv	Organic Solar Cells - Theory and Practice		Technical University of Denmark (DTU)	Learn about a new generation of solar cells, organic solar cells, that promise an answer to the energy demands of the future.	Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Energy & Earth Sciences
organalysis	Organizational Analysis	Daniel A. McFarland	Stanford University	In this introductory course, you will learn multiple theories of organizational behavior and apply them to actual cases of organizational change.	Business & Management, Education, Social Sciences
orgchem	中级有机化学 Comprehensive Organic Chemistry		Peking University	中级有机化学目标是提高学生在有机反应机理，有机合成方面的知识水平，并进一步培养学生在分析问题和解决问题方面的独立思考能力。 Comprehensive Organic Chemistry focuses on the mechanism of organic reactions and synthetic methodologies. 	Chemistry
orgchem1a	Introductory Organic Chemistry - Part 1	Jeffrey S.  Moore, Michael Evans and Nicholas M. Llewellyn	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	This is a organic chemistry course surveying introductory topics in structure and reactivity with an emphasis on structural fundamentals including electronic structure, conformation and stereochemistry.	Chemistry
orgchem1b	Introductory Organic Chemistry - Part 2	Jeffrey S.  Moore, Michael Evans and Nicholas M. Llewellyn	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	Organic chemistry course surveying introductory topics in structure and reactivity with an emphasis on elementary reaction mechanisms.	Chemistry
orgchem2a	Intermediate Organic Chemistry - Part 1	Jeffrey S.  Moore and Michael Evans	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	Organic chemistry course covering intermediate topics in structure and reactivity with emphasis on electronic structure, pericyclic reactions and aromatic heterocycles.	Chemistry
orgchem2b	Intermediate Organic Chemistry - Part 2	Jeffrey S.  Moore, Michael Evans and Nicholas M. Llewellyn	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	Organic chemistry course covering intermediate topics in structure and reactivity with special applications to the life sciences.	Chemistry
origins	Origins - Formation of the Universe, Solar System, Earth and Life	Henning Haack	University of Copenhagen	The Origins course tracks the origin of all things – from the Big Bang to the origin of the Solar System and the Earth. The course follows the evolution of life on our planet through deep geological time to present life forms.	Biology & Life Sciences, Physics
otherearths	Imagining Other Earths		Princeton University	Are we alone? This course introduces core concepts in astronomy, biology, and planetary science that  enable the student to speculate scientifically about this profound question and invent their own solar systems. 	Physics, Energy & Earth Sciences
particles2planets	Mechanics: Motion, Forces, Energy and Gravity, from Particles to Planets		UNSW Australia (The University of New South Wales)	Mechanics is the basis of much of physics, engineering and other technological disciplines. It begins by quantifying motion, and then explaining it in terms of forces, energy, momentum and forces including gravity. This allows us to analyse the operation of many familiar phenomena around us, but also the mechanics of planets, stars and galaxies.	Physics
pcd	Programmed cell death	Barbara Conradt	Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)	Billions of cells in the body die every day. How and why do these cells die? If you want to know the answers to these questions and if you also would like to know how scientists figured them out, this course might interest you.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
pdstatistics	Passion Driven Statistics	Lisa Dierker	Wesleyan University	With existing data, you will develop skills in data analysis and basic statistics by exploring your own research question.	Statistics and Data Analysis
pealgoritmico	Pensamiento algorítmico		Tecnológico de Monterrey	¿Qué es un algoritmo? ¿Cómo se hace un diagrama de flujo? ¿Qué es un pseudocódigo? ¿Cómo me pueden ayudar a resolver problemas cotidianos?  Este curso básico de computación te ayudará a desarrollar el pensamiento algorítmico necesario para solucionar problemas en forma estructurada.	Computer Science: Theory, Education
pgm	Probabilistic Graphical Models	Daphne Koller, Professor	Stanford University	In this class, you will learn the basics of the PGM representation and how to construct them, using both human knowledge and machine learning techniques.	Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
pharm101	Fundamentals of Pharmacology	Emma Meagher, MD	University of Pennsylvania	In this class you will learn how drugs affect the body, how they alter disease processes and how they might produce toxicity. We will discuss how new drugs are tested and developed prior to them being used for patient care. We will describe how personalization of medicine will become a common day reality in patient care.	Medicine
philofrancaise	Les problèmes métaphysiques à l’épreuve de la politique, 1943-1968		École normale supérieure	L'objet de ce cours est d'étudier l'articulation entre les prises de position et les théories politiques des philosophes français du XXème siècle et leur philosophie fondamentale, voire leur métaphysique. Le parcours proposé sollicite l'étude de textes entre autres de Sartre, Merleau-Ponty, Cavaillès, Weil, Levi-Strauss, Althusser, Foucault, Deleuze, Lévinas, Derrida... 	Humanities 
philsci	Philosophy and the Sciences		The University of Edinburgh	Learn about the historical and philosophical foundations of contemporary science.  Explore cutting-edge debates in the philosophy of the physical sciences and philosophy of the cognitive sciences.	Humanities , Physical & Earth Sciences, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence, Physics
phys1	Introductory Physics I with Laboratory	Michael F. Schatz	Georgia Institute of Technology	Explore motion in the real world using modern tools and techniques (video capture and analysis, computer modeling) guided by fundamental physics principles.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Engineering, Physics, Teacher Professional Development
physicalchemistry	Introduction to Physical Chemistry		University of Manchester	Gain a rigorous introduction to physical chemistry suitable for undergraduates starting university. The course provides a unique, in-depth introduction to the three main pillars of physical chemistry: thermodynamics, kinetics and quantum mechanics. 	Chemistry
physics1	Physics 1 for Physical Science Majors	Michael Dubson	University of Colorado System	This is a 12 week course, currently scheduled to start on Monday, April 14, 2014 and finishing on Friday, July 11.  This introductory physics course is intended for physical science majors and others desiring a rigorous introduction to physics. It closely parallels the brick-and-mortar course given to the freshmen at the University of Colorado at Boulder. The course covers classical mechanics, including kinematics, dynamics, conservation laws, and applications. 	Physics
pkubioinfo	Bioinformatics: Introduction and Methods 生物信息学: 导论与方法		Peking University	This course teaches the concepts and computational methods in the exciting interdisciplinary field of bioinformatics and their applications in life sciences. The lectures are taught in both Mandarin Chinese and English with slides in English. 生物信息学是一门新兴的生命科学与计算科学的前沿交叉学科。本课程讲授生物信息学主要概念和方法，以及如何应用生物信息学手段解决生命科学问题。本课程同时提供中文普通话授课和英文授课两个版本，以及英文幻灯片。	Computer Science: Theory, Medicine, Mathematics, Biology & Life Sciences, Computer Science: Software Engineering, Statistics and Data Analysis
pkuic	Introduction to Computing 计算概论A		Peking University	    计算概论A是针对“信息科学技术学科一年级本科生”开设的一门专业基础主干课程。本课程的教学目标有二：其一，帮助学习者建立起“学习计算机科学技术知识所需的基本知识背景”；其二，帮助学习者“掌握计算机程序设计的基础知识”，培养学习者“独立设计计算机程序解决问题”的基本技能。	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Software Engineering
pkupop	程序设计实习 / Practice on Programming		Peking University	《程序设计实习》课程是北京大学的本科生主干基础课程。课程的主要目标有二： 一、掌握C++语言的语法和标准模板库，能用C++语言以面向对象的方法来编写规模较大的程序。 二、掌握枚举、递归、搜索、动态规划等基本的算法思想。通过大量的高强度的编程训练，提高动手能力，做到能较为熟练、完整、准确地实现自己设计的程序，为进一步学习其他计算机专业课程，或在其他专业领域运用计算机编程解决问题奠定良好的基础。	Computer Science: Software Engineering
plantknows	What a Plant Knows (and other things you didn’t know about plants)		Tel Aviv University	Can we say that plants have senses? You will learn how plants sense their environment and how scientists study plant senses. You will be exposed to both classic and modern experiments in plant biology, and may even start to question what defines us as humans.	Biology & Life Sciences
pmhdepression	Major Depression in the Population: A Public Health Approach		Johns Hopkins University	Illustrates the principles of public health applied to depressive disorder, including principles of epidemiology, transcultural psychiatry, health services research, and prevention.	Medicine, Health & Society
poisonings	Poisonings in the Home and Community: Assessment and Emergency Response		University of California, San Francisco	This is a survey course on the principles of Clinical Toxicology. The emphasis will be pre-hospital and emergency hospital management of poisonings with a case-oriented lecture format. The topics are prioritized by prevalence of human poisoning, natural and synthetic toxins, and target organ effects.  	Medicine, Health & Society
population	An Introduction to Population Health		University of Manchester	This MOOC is aimed at anyone wishing to understand the basics of population health. Our aim is to prompt any participant to reconsider the decisions they make about their own health or the health of others (if they are taking the course as a health professional).	Health & Society
posa	Pattern-Oriented Software Architectures: Programming Mobile Services for Android Handheld Systems	Douglas C. Schmidt	Vanderbilt University	In this course--the second in a trans-institution sequence of MOOCs on Mobile Cloud Computing with Android--we will learn how to apply patterns, pattern languages, and frameworks to alleviate the complexity of developing concurrent and networked services on mobile devices running Android that connect to popular cloud computing platforms.  	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
powerelectronics	Introduction to Power Electronics	Robert Erickson	University of Colorado System	The course is an introduction to switched-mode power converters. It provides a basic knowledge of circuitry for the control and conversion of electrical power with high efficiency. 	Engineering
powerofmarkets	The Power of Markets		University of Rochester	The course will give you the tools with which to understand and predict market phenomena. A large dose of real-world applications will be provided along the way. These applications illustrate the power and relevance of underlying microeconomic theory while providing you a valuable opportunity to put the theory into practice.	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
practicalethics	Practical Ethics		Princeton University	Is abortion wrong? Should we eat animals? What is our responsibility to the world’s  poor? This course will encourage you to examine your ethical beliefs on topics relevant  to the ancient question posed by Socrates: “How am I to live?”	Humanities 
precalculo	Matemáticas y Movimiento	Patricia Salinas Martínez	Tecnológico de Monterrey	El curso propone un acercamiento a la Matemática Preuniversitaria donde el contexto del movimiento en línea recta dará significado al conocimiento y la tecnología será el medio para interactuar con el mismo.	Mathematics
precalculus	Pre-Calculus	Sarah Eichhorn and Rachel Cohen Lehman	University of California, Irvine	This course covers mathematical topics in algebra and trigonometry and is designed to  prepare students to enroll for a first semester course in single variable calculus.	Mathematics
predmachlearn	Practical Machine Learning		Johns Hopkins University	Learn the basic components of building and applying prediction functions with an emphasis on practical applications. This is the eighth course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
principlescomputing	Principles of Computing		Rice University	This course introduces the basic mathematical and programming principles that underlie much of Computer Science.  Student will refine their programming skills as well as learn the basics of creating efficient solutions to common computational problems.	Computer Science: Theory, Computer Science: Software Engineering
prob	機率 (Probability)	葉丙成 Ping-Cheng  Yeh (Benson)	National Taiwan University	這是一個機率的入門課程，著重的是教授機率基本概念。另外我們的作業將搭配臺大電機系所開發的多人競技線上遊戲方式，讓同學在遊戲中快樂的學習，快速培養同學們對於機率的洞察力與應用能力。	Mathematics, Engineering
probas	Aléatoire : une Introduction aux Probabilités 	Sylvie Méléard and Jean-René Chazottes	École Polytechnique	Ce cours introduit le concept de Probabilité, dont la puissance permet de modéliser d'innombrables situations où le hasard intervient. Il est fondé sur le livre de Sylvie Méléard "Aléatoire : introduction à la théorie et au calcul des probabilités" qui résulte lui-même du cours de tronc commun de première année de l'École polytechnique.	Mathematics
progfun	Functional Programming Principles in Scala	Martin Odersky	École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Learn about functional programming, and how it can be effectively combined with object-oriented programming. Gain practice in writing clean functional code, using the Scala programming language.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
proglang	Programming Languages	Dan  Grossman	University of Washington	Investigate the basic concepts behind programming languages, with a strong emphasis on the techniques and benefits of functional programming. Use the programming languages ML, Racket, and Ruby in ways that will teach you how the pieces of a language fit together to create more than the sum of the parts. Gain new software skills and the concepts needed to learn new languages on your own.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
programdesign	Introduction to Systematic Program Design - Part 1	Gregor Kiczales	The University of British Columbia	This course is about learning to program well: building programs that are elegant, well tested and easy to maintain.  The course is designed for students with no programming experience at all. Nonetheless, former students who already knew how to program have said it made them better programmers.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
programming1	Learn to Program: The Fundamentals	Jennifer Campbell, Paul Gries	University of Toronto	Behind every mouse click and touch-screen tap, there is a computer program that makes things happen. This course introduces the fundamental building blocks of programming and teaches you how to write fun and useful programs using the Python language.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
programming2	Learn to Program: Crafting Quality Code	Jennifer Campbell and Paul Gries	University of Toronto	Not all programs are created equal.  In this course, we'll focus on writing quality code that runs correctly and efficiently.  We'll design, code and validate our programs and learn how to compare programs that are addressing the same task.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
psy	Introduction to Psychology as a Science	Anderson D. Smith	Georgia Institute of Technology	Learn about how psychology has developed a body of knowledge about behavior and mind through the use of scientific methods. All areas of psychology will be covered.	Social Sciences
psychbuddhism	Buddhism and Modern Psychology 		Princeton University	The Buddha said that human suffering—ranging from anxiety to sadness to unfulfilled craving—results from not seeing reality clearly. He described a kind of meditation that promises to ease suffering by dispelling illusions about the world and ourselves. What does psychological science say about this diagnosis and prescription—and about the underlying model of the mind?	Humanities 
publiceconom	Public Economics		Higher School of Economics	This course deals with the economic role of the state and explores factors that affect government performance. Both normative economic theories of the state and positive analyses of government’s involvement in the private sector will be presented. 	Economics & Finance
publichealth	Principles of Public Health	Zuzana Bic	University of California, Irvine	Principles of Public Health introduces the major concepts and principles of public health and the determinants of health status in communities. Emphasizes the ecological model that focuses on the linkages and relationships among multiple natural and social determinants affecting health.	Medicine, Health & Society
publicspeak	Introduction to Public Speaking	Matt McGarrity	University of Washington	A report from the National Association of Colleges and Employers shows that employers want job candidates with strong communication skills. Similarly, educational success also requires the ability to articulate your thoughts clearly. In this class, we will study the principles of public speaking; critically examine our own and others’ speeches through interactive practice.	Humanities , Business & Management, Education, Social Sciences, Arts
pythonlearn	Programming for Everybody		University of Michigan	This course aims to teach everyone to learn the basics of programming computers.  The course has no pre-requisites and avoids all but the simplest mathematics.  Anyone with moderate computer experience should be able to master the materials in this course.  	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Software Engineering
rationing	Rationing and Allocating Scarce Medical Resources	Ezekiel J. Emanuel	University of Pennsylvania	This course will explore the complex challenges of allocating scarce medical resources at both the micro and macro level. Students will learn the theories behind allocation and use modern examples to explore how society makes the difficult decisions that arise when there is not enough to go around.	Health & Society
rcd	紅樓夢(The Red Chamber Dream)		National Taiwan University	這門課是對中國小說經典《紅樓夢》的分析與詮釋，著重於認識讀者本身與經典間的關係，並從作者的時代背景與社會階層著手，重新剖析這部人所共愛、人各有所擁戴的經典之作。 	Humanities 
reactive	Principles of Reactive Programming		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Learn how to write composable software that is event-driven, scalable under load, resilient and responsive in the presence of failures. Model systems after human organizations or inter-human communication.	Computer Science: Software Engineering
reasonandpersuasion	Reason and Persuasion: Thinking Through Three Dialogues By Plato		National University of Singapore	In this course we will study Plato's ancient art of blowing up your beliefs as you go, to make sure they're built to last. We spend six weeks studying three Platonic dialogues, then two more weeks pondering a pair of footnotes to Plato; that is, we will consider some contemporary manifestations of issues Plato discusses. The more things change, the more they stay the same.	Social Sciences, Arts
recoveringthepast	Recovering the Humankind Past and Saving the Universal Heritage	Paolo Matthiae	Sapienza University of Rome	Archaeology has as its objective the recovery and revival of humankind past, and as its aim the rescue and preservation of cultural heritage.	Humanities 
recsys	Introduction to Recommender Systems		University of Minnesota	This course introduces the concepts, applications, algorithms, programming, and design of recommender systems--software systems that recommend products or information, often based on extensive personalization.  Learn how web merchants such as Amazon.com personalize product suggestions and how to apply the same techniques in your own systems!	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
regmods	Regression Models		Johns Hopkins University	Learn how to use regression models, the most important statistical analysis tool in the data scientist's toolkit. This is the seventh course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Mathematics, Statistics and Data Analysis
relationship	The Fiction of Relationship	Arnold Weinstein	Brown University	What is the nature of our relationship to others and the world?  How can literature help us see these relationships more clearly? This course seeks to explore such questions through adventurous readings of ten great works of narrative fiction from the 18th to the 20th century.	Humanities 
religionandtolerance	Practicing Tolerance in a Religious Society: The Church and the Jews in Italy		University of Maryland, College Park	What social and ideological mechanisms allowed Jews to survive and even flourish in Catholic Italy? And under what circumstances did the practice of tolerance break down? This course takes a different approach to the idea of tolerance, as well as to the long, complicated history of the Catholic Church and the Jews.	Humanities , Social Sciences
renaissancearchitect	Early Renaissance Architecture in Italy: from Alberti to Bramante	Francesco  Paolo Fiore	Sapienza University of Rome	Through some of the most celebrated examples of the early Renaissance architecture and the most important statements of the early Renaissance theories, the course will examine problems of the architectural spaces, technology and forms looking to the antiquity in the XV century in Italy.	Humanities , Arts
renminbi	The Role of the Renminbi in the International Monetary System 	Joseph Yam and Terence Tai-Leung Chong	The Chinese University of Hong Kong	This course will discuss various aspects of the Renminbi internationalization, including the reform of the international monetary system, the opportunities and challenges to internationalize the Renminbi, the evolution of China's monetary and exchange rate policies, and the implications of the Renminbi internationalization for Hong Kong.	Economics & Finance
repdata	Reproducible Research		Johns Hopkins University	Learn the concepts and tools behind reporting modern data analyses in a reproducible manner. This is the fifth course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
representaciones	Representaciones Culturales de las Sexualidades 		Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona	En este curso aprenderemos a interpretar cómo se inscriben y materializan los discursos acerca del género y la sexualidad en diversos productos y medios culturales (literatura, cine, televisión, fotografía, internet, etc.). 	Humanities , Arts
researchforhealth	Understanding Research: An Overview for Health Professionals		University of California, San Francisco	Participants will learn the elements of research methods and design that are essential to the translation of knowledge into clinical practice, administration/leadership, and health policy. 	Medicine, Health & Society
researchmethods	Understanding Research Methods		University of London	Our course enables students to develop their understanding of research methods, and confidence in designing a research project, choosing and executing appropriate methods, and assessing its intellectual/academic rigour. 	Humanities , Social Sciences
resilienceinchildren	Resilience in Children Exposed to Trauma, Disaster and War: Global Perspectives		University of Minnesota	How do children overcome hazardous experiences to succeed in life? What can be done to protect young people at risk from trauma, war, disasters, and other adversities? Learn about the importance of fostering resilience in children at risk.	Health & Society, Education, Social Sciences
romanarchitecture	Roman Architecture		Yale University	Roman Architecture is a course for people who love to travel and want to discover the power of architecture to shape politics, society, and culture. 	Humanities , Arts
rookieteaching	Surviving Your Rookie Year of Teaching: 3 Key Ideas & High Leverage Techniques		Match Teacher Residency	Learn 3 high leverage ideas and techniques to thrive in your first (or fifteenth) year of teaching. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
rprog	R Programming		Johns Hopkins University	Learn how to program in R and how to use R for effective data analysis. This is the second course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Specialization.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
rqm	La visione del mondo della Relatività e della Meccanica Quantistica	Carlo Cosmelli	Sapienza University of Rome	In questo corso imparerete come la fisica del XX secolo, con la Relatività e la Meccanica Quantistica, abbia cambiato la nostra visione del mondo.	Humanities , Physics
russians	Understanding Russians: Contexts of Intercultural Communication		Higher School of Economics	Learn about the intercultural communication process using Russian –Western communication as an example.  Look at the interrelations between different contexts (cultural, institutional, professional, social, interpersonal) of communication focusing on cultural history and national psychology of Russians. 	Humanities 
scanfilmtv	Scandinavian Film and Television	Ib Bondebjerg	University of Copenhagen	In many ways Scandinavian film and television is a global cultural brand, connected with and exporting some of the cultural and social values connected to a liberal and progressive welfare society. This course deals with the social, institutional and cultural background of film and television in Scandinavia and in a broader European and global context. 	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
scicomp	High Performance Scientific Computing	Randall J. LeVeque 	University of Washington	Programming-oriented course on effectively using modern computers to solve scientific computing problems arising in the physical/engineering sciences and other fields. Provides an introduction to efficient serial and parallel computing using Fortran 90, OpenMP, MPI, and Python, and software development tools such as version control, Makefiles, and debugging.	Information, Tech & Design, Statistics and Data Analysis
scicontentsurvey	Inquiry Science Learning: Perspectives and Practices 3 - Science Content Survey		Rice University	This is the third in a series of four courses; each addressing a different set of skills science educators need to meet the demands of their career. In this course, teachers will develop a deeper understanding of several broad topics in the major science content areas by examining common misconceptions. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
scientificcomp	Scientific Computing		University of Washington	Investigate the flexibility and power of project-oriented computational analysis, and enhance communication of information by creating visual representations of scientific data.	Mathematics, Statistics and Data Analysis
scientificthinking	Science from Superheroes to Global Warming	Michael Dennin	University of California, Irvine	Explore how science works and what constitutes "good" science through case studies drawn from a wide spectrum of people's experience, for example superheros, movies, and real world issues such as global warming. 	Energy & Earth Sciences
sciframework	Using The Next Generation Science Standards for Students’ Deeper Understanding 		Rice University	This course is designed to guide science educators towards an understanding of the  Framework for K-12 Science Education and how, when integrated with the Scientific and Engineering Design Practices and Crosscutting Concepts are the basis for classroom instruction using the Next Generation Science Standards.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
scigast	The Science of Gastronomy	Lam Lung Yeung and King L. Chow	The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology	This course will introduce you to some of the science behind food preparation, cooking methods, and generally, the enjoyment of food. The ultimate goal is to inspire you to apply scientific principles in your everyday cooking, including the principles of manipulating the human perception of food.	Biology & Life Sciences, Food and Nutrition
scistudentinquiry	Inquiry Science Learning: Perspectives & Practices 4 - Student-Centered Inquiry		Rice University	In this course, teachers will develop the skills essential to move from a top-down content delivery model of science instruction to one in which the teacher is a guide, enabling students to create shared meaning of important science concepts.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
sciwrite	Writing in the Sciences	Kristin Sainani	Stanford University	This course teaches scientists to become more effective writers, using practical examples and exercises. Topics include: principles of good writing, tricks for writing faster and with less anxiety, the format of a scientific manuscript, and issues in publication and peer review.	Humanities , Biology & Life Sciences
sdn	Software Defined Networking	Nick Feamster	Georgia Institute of Technology	In this course, you will learn about software defined networking and how it is changing the way communications networks are managed, maintained, and secured.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Computer Science: Software Engineering
sdt	Surviving Disruptive Technologies	Professor Hank Lucas	University of Maryland, College Park	 The purpose of this course is to help participants and the organizations they encounter survive the waves of technological disruptions facing business, government, education and their daily lives.	Information, Tech & Design, Business & Management
secrets	Archaeology's Dirty Little Secrets	Susan E. Alcock	Brown University	Admit it — you wanted to be an archaeologist when you grew up...  This course builds on that enthusiasm, while radically expanding your notions about just what archaeology is and just what archaeologists do. 	Humanities , Physical & Earth Sciences, Social Sciences, Arts, Energy & Earth Sciences
security	Computer Security	Dan Boneh and Dawn Song	Stanford University	Learn how to design secure systems and write secure code. 	Computer Science: Systems & Security
sem	Structural Equation Model and its Applications | 结构方程模型及其应用	Kit Tai Hau	The Chinese University of Hong Kong	在社会学、心理学、教育学、经济学、管理学、市场学等研究领域的数据分析中，结构方程建模是当前最前沿的统计方法中应用最广、研究最多的一个。它包含了方差分析、回归分析、路径分析和因子分析，弥补了传统回归分析和因子分析的不足，可以分析多因多果的联系、潜变量的关系，还可以处理多水平数据和纵向数据，是非常重要的多元数据分析工具。本课程系统地介绍结构方程模型和LISREL软件的应用，内容包括：结构方程分析（包括验证性因子分析）的基本概念、统计原理、在社会科学研究中的应用、常用模型及其LISREL程序、结果的解释和模型评价。学员应具备基本的统计知识（如：标准差、t-检验、相关系数），理解回归分析和因子分析的概念。 注：本课程配套教材为《结构方程模型及其应用》（以LISREL软件为例）。	Education, Statistics and Data Analysis, Social Sciences
sequence	Calculus Two: Sequences and Series		The Ohio State University	Calculus Two: Sequences and Series is an introduction to sequences, infinite series, convergence tests, and Taylor series.  The course emphasizes not just getting answers, but asking the question "why is this true?"	Mathematics
shaping1landscape	Shaping the Way We Teach English, 1: The Landscape of English Language Teaching		University of Oregon	Learn effective approaches to English language teaching. This is the first of two teacher training courses based on the internationally-recognized Shaping the Way We Teach English videos and resources and sponsored by the U.S. Department of State and the University of Oregon. You can begin with either course.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
shaping2paths	Shaping the Way We Teach English, 2: Paths to Success in ELT		University of Oregon	Learn effective approaches to English language teaching. This is the second of two teacher training courses based on the internationally-recognized Shaping the Way We Teach English videos and resources and sponsored by the U.S. Department of State and the University of Oregon. You can begin with either course. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
shiji	史記（一）（Shi-ji (1) ）		National Taiwan University	人文學，其特色在於「慢熱」，需要耐心細嚐、咀嚼古聖先賢的智慧結晶與其文字背後所隱含的真正意義。史記系列課程將透過對《史記》一書的導讀，引領同學們探究史學之「真」與「善」。   不管你是對中華文化感興趣者、想更深入了解傳統史學者、喜歡論理分析者、或是久仰太史公司馬遷之名之愛好者，這門課一定會讓你收穫良多。因為《史記》不僅記載了無數精彩非凡的歷史人事，更貫串了在它之前的多數古代典籍，可說是集中國上古文明精粹於一書。更重要的是，這門課程中將引導大家如何讀《史記》，進而學會如何讀中國史書、如何讀中國書。  這是一場史學的思辨之旅，希望各位同學千萬不要錯過！ 	Humanities 
sitedance	Creating Site-Specific Dance and Performance Works	Stephan Koplowitz	California Institute of the Arts	This course will look into the process of creating live site-specific choreography and performance works from conception to production to performance. Site-specific dance/performance is work created in response to a particular place or site, inspired by its architecture/design, the history and/or current use.	Arts
sjtubm901	中医药与中华传统文化 Traditional Chinese Medicine and Chinese Culture		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	      通过本课程的学习，不仅能掌握一些中医药的基本知识、中医药养生的原理和方法，还能从中医药的视角认识中华传统文化的精髓。    After learning the course, learners will not only master the basic concepts, knowledge, thoughts of TCM, but also get to know the inherent Chinese culture.   	Medicine, Health & Society
sjtuch902	唐诗宋词人文解读 Appreciation of Tang and Song Poetry		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	课程从喜闻乐见的唐诗宋词入手，触摸一段历史与一群文人的体温，领悟人生旅途的趣味和智慧。	Humanities 
sjtujc331	媒介批评:理论与方法 Media Criticism: Theory and Method		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	媒介批评是立足于批判的价值立场，对媒介活动及其产品和传播观念进行研究。	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
sjtujxdepw	粒子世界探秘 Exploring Particle World		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	本课程以通俗的语言介绍粒子物理的主要内容和最前沿的研究。课程涉及的主要内容包括： 物质和反物质， 夸克和强相互作用，中微子和弱相互作用，对称性和它的作用， 粒子物理的标准模型，粒子天文学， 暗物质。  This course gives an brief introduction of the main content and the frontier of particle physics in popular language. It includes: matter and antimatter, quark and strong interaction, neutrino and weak interaction, symmetry and its applications, standard model of particle physics, particle astronomy, dark matter etc.  	Physical & Earth Sciences, Physics
sjtula014	法与社会   Law and Society		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	       “法与社会”这门课程要在多层多样的社会关系中解读法律，并且透过法律来考察和把握社会的各种现象。本课程将课堂讲授与媒体教学有机结合，使学生对法社会学有一概括了解，用比较的眼光对法律制度和规范的内容进行分析，对中国法律传统及其演变进行准确定位。          "Law and Society" aims to offer both readings of law that vary with the diversity of social relations and understandings of social events from the legal perspective. This module, through a combination of lectures with multimedia presentation, is designed to enable the students to gain a general knowledge of sociology, to analyse legal institutions and norms by comparative means, and to have a clearer idea of the legal tradition and its evolution in China.      	Law
sjtuma153	数学之旅 The Journey of Mathematics		Shanghai Jiao Tong University	课程从问题开始揭示一些数学思想形成的过程，和听众一起从思想上重走一遍前辈们走过的路，体会数学抽象的魅力。  In this course I share the processes which formed the core concepts of mathematical philosophy, walking with students as they experience, learn and enjoy mathematical abstraction.	Mathematics
slavesouth	History of the Slave South		University of Pennsylvania	This course explores the relationship between slavery and democracy at the heart of American history.  It is about the rise and fall of the slave South from the beginning of the seventeenth century to the end of the American Civil War.	Humanities , Social Sciences
smac	Statistical Mechanics: Algorithms and Computations		École normale supérieure	In this course you will learn a whole lot of modern physics (classical and quantum) from basic computer programs that you will download, generalize, or write from scratch, discuss, and then hand in. Join in if you are curious (but not necessarily knowledgeable) about algorithms, and about the deep insights into science that you can obtain by the algorithmic approach.	Computer Science: Theory, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry
sna	Social Network Analysis	Lada Adamic	University of Michigan	This course will use social network analysis, both its theory and computational tools, to make sense of the social and information networks that have been fueled and rendered accessible by the internet.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
soc101	Introduction to Sociology	Mitchell Duneier	Princeton University	In this class we will cover the essentials of sociology, to help you better understand your own life and situations far from your experience.	Social Sciences
socialepi	Social Epidemiology	Michael  Oakes	University of Minnesota	Social epidemiology is about how a society makes people sick and/or healthy. We address not only the identification of new disease risk factors (e.g., deficient social capital) but also how well-known exposures (e.g., cigarette smoking, lead paint, health insurance) emerge and are maintained by the social system.	Health & Society, Social Sciences
socialpsychology	Social Psychology	Scott Plous	Wesleyan University	Ever wonder why people do what they do? This course offers some answers based on the latest research from social psychology.	Health & Society, Business & Management, Education, Social Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
solarsystem	The Science of the Solar System		Caltech	Explore the solar system using concepts from physics, chemistry, biology, and geology. Learn the latest from Mars, explore the outer solar system, ponder planets outside our solar system, and search for habitability in the universe.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Physics
songwriting	Songwriting	Pat Pattison	Berklee College of Music	Learn an efficient, effective process for writing songs that express your ideas and emotions, including a range of tools that revolve around the concept of prosody—the matching of lyrics and music to support your underlying message. 	Music, Film, and Audio
soulbeliefs	Soul Beliefs: Causes and Consequences	Daniel M. Ogilvie and Leonard W. Hamilton	Rutgers University	Exploration of the causes and consequences of various beliefs about the soul. Topics such as the self, mind/body dualism, evolution, culture, death anxiety, afterlife, and religious and political conflict.	Humanities , Social Sciences
spobuildaerodynamics	Sports and Building Aerodynamics		Eindhoven University of Technology	Have we reached the boundaries of what can be achieved in sports and building design? The answer is definitely “NO”. This course explains basic aspects of bluff body aerodynamics, wind tunnel testing and Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) simulations with application to sports and building aerodynamics. It is intended for anyone with a strong interest in these topics. Key fields addressed are urban physics, wind engineering and sports engineering. 	Engineering, Physics
sports	Sports and Society	Orin Starn	Duke University	This course explores the role of sports around the world, and how the games we watch and play shape identity, culture, and society. 	Humanities , Social Sciences
start1styearteaching	First Year Teaching (Elementary Grades) - Success from the Start		New Teacher Center	Success with your students starts on Day 1. Learn from NTC's 25 years developing key skills and strategies to create positive, productive classroom environments where students thrive. How do you build relationships with Elementary Grade (K-6) students, establish and maintain behavioral expectations, implement classroom procedures and routines, and use instructional time effectively?	Education, Teacher Professional Development
startup	Startup Engineering	Balaji S. Srinivasan; Vijay Pande	Stanford University	Learn the engineering skills needed to build a technology startup from the ground up.	Computer Science: Software Engineering, Business & Management, Statistics and Data Analysis
statics1	Introduction to Engineering Mechanics	Wayne Whiteman	Georgia Institute of Technology	This course is an introduction to learning and applying the principles required to solve engineering mechanics problems.  	Engineering
statics2	Applications in Engineering Mechanics		Georgia Institute of Technology	This course addresses the modeling and analysis of static equilibrium problems with an emphasis on real world engineering systems and problem solving. 	Engineering
staticsofobjects	Structure Standing Still: The Statics of Everyday Objects		University of Florida	The Statics of Everyday Objects is a course about how structures react to forces exerted on them while remaining unmoved.	Engineering
statinference	Statistical Inference		Johns Hopkins University	Learn how to draw conclusions about populations or scientific truths from data. This is the  sixth course in the Johns Hopkins Data Science Course Track.	Information, Tech & Design, Mathematics, Statistics and Data Analysis
statistics	Data Analysis and Statistical Inference 		Duke University	This course introduces you to the discipline of statistics as a science of understanding and analyzing data. You will learn how to effectively make use of data in the face of uncertainty: how to collect data, how to analyze data, and how to use data to make inferences and conclusions about real world phenomena.	Statistics and Data Analysis
statreasoning	Statistical Reasoning for Public Health: Estimation, Inference, & Interpretation		Johns Hopkins University	A conceptual and interpretive public health approach to some of the most commonly used methods from basic statistics. 	Medicine, Mathematics, Biology & Life Sciences
stats1	Statistics One	Andrew Conway	Princeton University	Statistics One is a comprehensive yet friendly introduction to statistics.	Statistics and Data Analysis
steinmicro	Principles of Microeconomics	Rebecca Stein	University of Pennsylvania	Learn how markets work, what they accomplish well and what their limitations are.	Economics & Finance
strategy101	Foundations of Business Strategy	Michael J. Lenox	University of Virginia	Learn how to analyze an organization's strategy and make recommendations to improve its value creation by building your strategist's toolkit.	Business & Management
structures	L'art des structures 1 : Câbles et arcs		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	L'art des structures propose une découverte du fonctionnement des structures porteuses, telles que les bâtiments, les toitures ou les ponts. Ce cours présente les principes du dimensionnement et les structures en câbles et en arcs. Un deuxième cours présentera les structures en treillis, en poutres et en cadres.	Engineering
stschina1	Science, Technology, and Society in China I: Basic Concepts	Naubahar Sharif	The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology	What are science, technology, and innovation? How do science, technology, and innovation inform our understanding of developments in the social sphere? How have these domains evolved in the Chinese context? In this course, we will examine these issues and attempt answering these and many other questions!	Social Sciences
stschina2	Science, Technology, and Society in China II: History of S&T in Chinese Society		The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology	This course is the second in a trilogy of short courses. In this part, we apply some of the concepts we covered in Part I to study the development of science and technology in Chinese society, particularly in light of the influence the Industrial Revolution in the West has had on China’s technological development.	Social Sciences
stschina3	Science, Technology, and Society in China III: The Present & Policy Implications		The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology	This course is the third in a trilogy of short courses. In this final part, we integrate what we have learned in the previous two parts to investigate the evolution and implications of Chinese government policies designed to promote scientific and technological progress. Based on this, we will attempt to sketch a picture of the future of science and technology in China.	Social Sciences
subsistence	Subsistence Marketplaces		University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	This course aims to place knowledge about subsistence marketplaces into the hands and minds of those in different parts of the world that can and want to make a difference. The broader aim is for participants to consider the global challenge of poverty and envision a better world by designing solutions based on sound understanding. 	Business & Management
susdev	The Age of Sustainable Development		Columbia University	"The Age of Sustainable Development" gives students an understanding of the key challenges and pathways to sustainable development - that is, economic development that is also socially inclusive and environmentally sustainable.  NOTE: Course will launch at noon on January 21, 2014.	Economics & Finance, Health & Society, Physical & Earth Sciences, Education, Food and Nutrition, Social Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
sustain	Introduction to Sustainability	Jonathan Tomkin	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	This course introduces the academic discipline of sustainability and explores how today’s human societies can endure in the face of global change, ecosystem degradation and resource limitations.	Energy & Earth Sciences
sustainableag	Sustainable Agricultural Land Management		University of Florida	This course will cover the agricultural and urban water quality issues in Florida, their bases, land and nutrient management strategies, and the science and policy behind the best management practices (BMPs).  Students will learn to evaluate BMP research and analyze its role in determining practices and policies that protect water quality.	Business & Management, Food and Nutrition
sustaininprac	Sustainability in Practice		University of Pennsylvania	Sustainability is a practice operating across a variety of scales and skills. We will explore the ways that decision makers use systems analysis and design thinking to confront the career-defining challenges facing the next generation of  leaders. Networks of practice from across North America and around the globe will provide case material and guest lectures. 	Information, Tech & Design, Humanities , Business & Management, Social Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
sysbio	Introduction to Systems Biology	Ravi Iyengar	Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai	An introduction to current concepts of how cellular molecules come together to form systems, how these systems exhibit emergent properties, and how these properties are used to make cellular decisions.	Biology & Life Sciences
tbmanagement	Global Tuberculosis (TB) Clinical Management and Research		Johns Hopkins University	Health Care Workers and Health Professions Students can prepare to plan and deliver TB care in their communities by applying the latest clinical and research data presented in this nine-week course focusing on TB/HIV Co-Infection.	Medicine, Health & Society
teach1	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 1: Introduction		Commonwealth Education Trust	Foundations of Teaching for Learning is a program of study primarily for people who are currently teaching but have had no formal teacher education. This course is an introductory one that considers the three domains of being a teacher:  Professional Knowledge and Understanding; Professional Practice; and Professional Values, Relationships and Engagement.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach2	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 2: Being a Teacher		Commonwealth Education Trust	How we teach has its foundation in how we were taught and how we learned. This course provides an opportunity for you to reflect on your personal and professional development as a teacher. Through reflection and portfolio development you will enhance your knowledge and understanding of how to promote learning.  	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach3	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 3: Learners and Learning		Commonwealth Education Trust	The teacher’s work becomes meaningful when it is informed by research and theories of learning, and their relationship to actual practice. This course provides an opportunity for you to identify and understand students’ expectations and prior learning. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach4	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 4: Curriculum		Commonwealth Education Trust	Curriculum is a framework for guiding teaching and learning. This course provides an opportunity for you to consider the relationship between the teacher, the learner and the curriculum. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach5	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 5: Planning for Teaching and Learning		Commonwealth Education Trust	This course will help you consider how to develop appropriate learning goals for individual and groups of students. You will learn how to plan learning activities to engage your students in ways that will achieve these goals.    	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach6	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 6: Introduction to Student Assessment		Commonwealth Education Trust	At various points in the education cycle you will need to provide information which can be used to determine the extent to which your teaching is helping or has helped to achieve learning goals. This course prepares you to use assessment as part of the teaching and learning process.  	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach7	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 7: Being a Professional		Commonwealth Education Trust	This course will help you to consider what is expected of you as a member of the teaching profession.  You will consider ethical behavior and the need to respect the laws and regulations governing teaching. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teach8	Foundations of Teaching for Learning 8: Developing Relationships		Commonwealth Education Trust	As a teacher you will need to establish appropriate relationships with many different groups within the school and the wider community. It is important for you to understand how critical these relationships are to student learning. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teachengineering	Re-Engineering Your Science Curriculum		Exploratorium	This is an Exploratorium Teacher Institute professional development course open to any middle or high school science teacher.  This course is designed to help science teachers infuse their curriculum with hands-on STEM activities that support the NGSS engineering practices.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Biology & Life Sciences, Education, Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Energy & Earth Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
teacherfeedback	On the Hunt for Feedback: Self-Directed Teacher Improvement		Match Teacher Residency	Take charge of your own improvement as a teacher by collecting and acting upon feedback. 	Education, Teacher Professional Development
teachingcharacter	Teaching Character and Creating Positive Classrooms 		Relay Graduate School of Education	Positive psychology meets K-12 pedagogy. This course explores key ideas of positive psychology and shows how great teachers apply those lessons to maximize student engagement and accomplishment.  Through lectures, discussions, interviews and footage of great educators in action, you’ll learn how to integrate character-based objectives into your own teaching.	Education, Teacher Professional Development
techcity	TechniCity	Jennifer Evans-Cowley and Thomas  W. Sanchez	The Ohio State University	We live in real-time, technologically enhanced cities. <br>Explore the sweeping changes that our cities are undergoing as a result of networks, sensors, and communication technology.	Information, Tech & Design
techethics	Technology and Ethics		The Ohio State University	The meteoric rise of technologies used in our everyday life for profit, power, or improvement of an individual's life can, on occasion, cause cultural stress as well as ethical challenges.  In this course, we will explore how these multifaceted impacts might be understood, controlled and mitigated.	Information, Tech & Design, Humanities , Social Sciences
terrorism	Terrorism and Counterterrorism: Comparing Theory and Practice	Edwin Bakker	Universiteit Leiden	Students, policy makers, journalists or anyone with a strong interest in terrorism and counter terrorism studies and trends will find the course most relevant. It will equip you with a range of insights that help you to analyze and understand these complex phenomena. 	Humanities , Social Sciences
thehorsecourse	The Horse Course: Introduction to Basic Care and Management		University of Florida	There are over 100 million horses, donkeys and mules in the world today and owners of these animals can be found on almost every continent and in almost every society.  The Horse Course will cover many unique aspects of equine ownership and touch upon the science behind many of today’s management practices.	Biology & Life Sciences
theriogenology	Canine Theriogenology for Dog Enthusiasts	Margaret V. Root	University of Minnesota	This course will help anyone who loves dogs to better understand their dog’s reproductive health and how to control its reproduction. This includes understanding the pros and cons of having your dog spayed or castrated, and understanding at what age that surgery can be performed.	Medicine, Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
thermodynamics	Statistical Molecular Thermodynamics	Christopher J.  Cramer	University of Minnesota	This introductory physical chemistry course examines the connections between molecular properties and the behavior of macroscopic chemical systems.	Chemistry
thinkagain	Think Again: How to Reason and Argue	Walter  Sinnott-Armstrong and Ram  Neta	Duke University	Reasoning is important.  This course will teach you how to do it well.  You will learn how to understand and assess arguments by other people and how to construct good arguments of your own about whatever matters to you.	Humanities 
ticyeducacion	Tecnologías de información y comunicación en la educación	Larisa Enríquez	Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México	Analizar diferentes casos de estudio de usos educativos de las TIC y diseña un ambiente de aprendizaje que involucre herramientas digitales y tecnologías basadas en Internet. 	Education
tinkering	Tinkering Fundamentals: A Constructionist Approach to STEM Learning		Exploratorium	Tinkering activities provide a powerful way to inspire students' interest, engagement, and understanding in science.  The Tinkering Fundamentals course will help educators and enthusiasts develop a practice of tinkering and making. This course will focus on key design elements of high-quality, science-rich tinkering activities, effective facilitation strategies and environmental organization. 	Physical & Earth Sciences, Education, Teacher Professional Development
tissue101	Introduction to Tissue Engineering	Dr. Yaakov Nahmias	Hebrew University of Jerusalem	Step into the world of Tissue Engineering, a rapidly expanding field of applied biology aiming to create artificial organs for transplantation, basic research, or drug development.	Biology & Life Sciences, Engineering
totalleadership	Better Leader, Richer Life		University of Pennsylvania	The Total Leadership approach will help you become a better leader by having a richer life and have a richer life by becoming a better leader.  Learn a practical, proven method for how to articulate your core values and vision; build trust with your most important people; and achieve "four-way wins" -- improved performance at work or in school, at home with your family, in your community, and for your self (mind, body, spirit).  It's not about "work/life balance"; it's about creating harmony among the different parts of your life as a leader in all of them. 	Health & Society, Business & Management, Education, Social Sciences
ucimacroeconomics	The Power of Macroeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World	Peter Navarro	University of California, Irvine	In this course, you will learn all of the major principles of macroeconomics normally taught in a quarter or semester course to college undergraduates or MBA students.   	Economics & Finance, Business & Management
ucimicroeconomics	The Power of Microeconomics: Economic Principles in the Real World		University of California, Irvine	In this course, you will learn all of the major principles of microeconomics normally taught in a quarter or semester course to college undergraduates or MBA students.  	Economics & Finance
ucsfdiabetes	Diabetes: Diagnosis, Treatment, and Opportunities		University of California, San Francisco	This multidisciplinary course will emphasize the diagnosis and treatment of diabetes. Topics will include patient self-management, appropriate use of technologies, nutrition, behavior modification and pharmacotherapy in the management of this disease. The course will conclude by summarizing new basic science research regarding the pathophysiology and treatment of diabetes.	Medicine, Health & Society
uffinancialplanning	Personal & Family Financial Planning		University of Florida	Personal and Family Financial Planning will address many critical personal financial management topics in order to help you learn prudent habits both while in school and throughout your lifetime.	Economics & Finance
understandingterror	Understanding Terrorism and the Terrorist Threat		University of Maryland, College Park	This course will explore questions relating to the who, what and how of terrorism studies by introducing students to cutting edge research and the experts investigating these topics. 	Social Sciences
unethicaldecision	Unethical Decision Making in Organizations		University of Lausanne	This course 'Unethical decision making in organizations : A seminar on the dark side of the force' will teach you how strong organizational contexts push good people towards unethical decisions. You will also learn how to protect yourself and your organization against such forces lurking in the dark.	Humanities , Business & Management, Social Sciences
univteaching101	University Teaching 101		Johns Hopkins University	Higher education professionals, new PhD graduates, newly hired university educators and research scientists, and others interested in enhancing their teaching techniques in a university setting will acquire in this six-week course the foundational knowledge of the science of teaching and learning and develop skills and strategies for teaching at the university level. 	Humanities , Education, Social Sciences, Teacher Professional Development
upperlimb	Going Out on a Limb: The Anatomy of the Upper Limb		University of Pennsylvania	This course explores musculoskeletal anatomy of the Upper Limb, and common injuries that affect its function. We discuss parts of the upper limb, the anatomy of bones, joints and muscles, nerve injuries and common pathologies.	Medicine
usefulgenetics	Useful Genetics Part 1	Rosemary Redfield	The University of British Columbia	This college-level course gives students a thorough understanding of gene function, and enables them to apply this understanding to real-world issues, both personal and societal.  This is Part 1 of a two-part course; Part 2 focuses on the study of of how genes and traits are inherited.  	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
usefulgenetics2	Useful Genetics Part 2		The University of British Columbia	This college-level course gives students a thorough understanding of genetic inheritance, and enables them to apply this understanding to real-world issues, both personal and societal.  This is Part 2 of a two-part course.	Health & Society, Biology & Life Sciences
ushealthcare	Understanding and Improving the US Healthcare System		University of Michigan	In this course, you will learn about the structure, accomplishments, and shortcomings of the US healthcare system, and how those have prompted attempts at reform.  You will also take part in a unique, national group exercise, designed to help you understand how you can improve the US healthcare system.	Medicine, Health & Society
usuniversities	Applying to U.S. Universities		University of Pennsylvania	This course will help you understand how the U.S. university application and admission process works for international students and non-native English speakers applying to undergraduate (i.e., bachelor's degree) programs.	Education
vaccines	Vaccines	Paul Offit, MD	University of Pennsylvania	This course will discuss issues regarding vaccines and vaccine safety: the history, science, benefits, and risks of vaccines, together with the controversies surrounding vaccines and answers to common questions that parents have about vaccines.	Medicine, Health & Society
vacctrials	Vaccine Trials: Methods and Best Practices	Karen R. Charron and Amber Bickford Cox	Johns Hopkins University	This course will explore the process of evaluating investigational vaccines in clinical trials including informed consent, recruitment, enrollment, safety evaluation, and quality data collection.	Medicine, Health & Society
videogameslearning	Video Games and Learning	Constance Steinkuehler and Kurt Squire	University of Wisconsin–Madison	Video games aren’t just fun, they can be powerful vehicles for learning as well. In this course, we discuss research on the kinds of thinking and learning that go into video games and gaming culture, benefits and drawbacks of digital gameplay, tensions between youth culture and traditional education, and new developments intended to bridge that growing divide.	Information, Tech & Design, Education
villesafricaines	Villes africaines: une introduction à la planification urbaine / African cities : an introduction to urban planning		École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne	Le cours permet d'apprendre les bases de la planification urbaine à travers ses dimensions techniques, environnementales, sociales et économiques.  This course teaches the basics of the urban planning through its technical, environmental, societal and economical dimensions.	Humanities , Social Sciences
virology	Virology I: How Viruses Work	Vincent Racaniello	Columbia University	Introductory virology course emphasizing the common reactions that must be completed by all viruses for successful reproduction within a host cell. 	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
virology2	How Viruses Cause Disease		Columbia University	Introductory virology course that covers the interplay between viruses and their host organisms, with with the goal of understanding viral diseases and their prevention.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
virtualassessment	Performance Assessment in the Virtual Classroom		University of California, Irvine	Performance and Assessment in the Virtual Classroom explores the myths and challenges of assessing performance virtually. Topics include effective measures of assessing students, compliance issues, feedback models for students, online gradebook functions, and data analysis.	Education
virtualinstruction	Foundations of Virtual Instruction		University of California, Irvine	Learn what it takes to teach a K-12 course online! Investigate the history of virtual education, explore innovative tools, and examine key issues related to K-12 virtual instruction. 	Information, Tech & Design, Education, Teacher Professional Development
vitalsigns	Vital Signs: Understanding What the Body Is Telling Us		University of Pennsylvania	Heart rate, blood pressure, respiration rate, temperature, pain. What do these vital signs tell you about your body? Learn the basic physiology underlying the vital signs and how to accurately assess them.	Medicine, Biology & Life Sciences
vlsicad	VLSI CAD:  Logic to Layout	Rob A. Rutenbar	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign	A modern VLSI chip has a zillion parts -- logic, control, memory, interconnect, etc.  How do we design these complex chips?  Answer: CAD software tools.  Learn how to build these tools in this class.	Computer Science: Systems & Security, Engineering
volcano	Volcanic Eruptions: a material science.	Donald Bruce Dingwell	Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU)	Volcanic eruptions are a powerful demonstration of the energy of the Earth´s interior. A materials-based understanding of the evolution of erupting systems provides a quantitative physico-chemical description of the nature of lava and magma and the role of experiments in quantifying the eruptive process. 	Physical & Earth Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
votingfairdiv	Making Better Group Decisions: Voting, Judgement Aggregation and Fair Division		University of Maryland, College Park	Learn about different voting methods and fair division algorithms, and explore the problems that arise when a group of people need to make a decision.  	Economics & Finance, Mathematics, Humanities , Computer Science: Artificial Intelligence
warandpeace	Conditions of War and Peace	Kiichi Fujiwara	The University of Tokyo	This course aims to nail down some of the basic issues that had been argued in the current research on peace and security. 	Humanities , Social Sciences
warhol	Warhol		The University of Edinburgh	An introduction to the life and work of Andy Warhol, one of the world’s most famous artists, through exploration of five thematic framings of his life and career: celebrity; sex; money; death; and time.	Humanities , Arts
warmerworld	Turn Down the Heat: Why a 4°C Warmer World Must be Avoided		The World Bank	It is now clear that without action on climate change, the world may become 4°C warmer by the end of this century. Such an increase would threaten to roll back decades of development progress; thus, we are at a ‘make it or break it’ point in time. This course presents the most recent scientific evidence, as well as some of the opportunities for urgent action.	Physical & Earth Sciences, Energy & Earth Sciences
warparadoxes	Paradoxes of War		Princeton University	An introduction into the historical, psychological, and sociological analysis of organized conflict.	Social Sciences
water	Water Supply and Sanitation Policy in Developing Countries		University of Manchester	This course will examine current conditions and trends in water and sanitation services in the Global South. Within it we will take a critical look at the underlying political, economic, social, and technical reasons why almost a billion people lack access to improved water supplies and almost 2 billion still do not have improved sanitation services.	Economics & Finance, Health & Society, Business & Management
wealthofnations	Generating the Wealth of Nations	Professor Jeff Borland	The University of Melbourne	A survey of the history of economic development in the world in the past 300 years.	Economics & Finance
webapplications	Web Application Architectures		University of New Mexico	Learn how to build and deploy modern web application architectures – applications that run over the Internet, in the "cloud," using a browser as the user interface.	Information, Tech & Design, Computer Science: Software Engineering, Engineering
welcome2math	 Invitation to Mathematics     הזמנה למתמטיקה	Raz Kupferman, Itamar  Cwik  and Ehud de Shalit	Hebrew University of Jerusalem	קורס זה עוסק במתמטיקה של בית ספר תיכון מנקודת מבט מתקדמת. מטרתו העיקרית היא לחשוף סטודנטים לעתיד לאופן שבו מתמטיקאים רואים מקצוע זה, ובכך להכין אותם ללימודי מתמטיקה ברמת אוניברסיטה.   	Mathematics
wh1300	A History of the World since 1300	Jeremy Adelman	Princeton University	This course will examine the ways in which the world has grown more integrated yet more divided over the past 700 years.	Humanities 
womencivilrights	Women and the Civil Rights Movement	Dr. Elsa Barkley Brown 	University of Maryland, College Park	Learn about women’s roles in the U.S. civil rights struggles of the 1890s to the 1990s. 	Humanities 
worldmusic	Listening to World Music	Carol Muller	University of Pennsylvania	Learn the ideas and vocabulary for listening to world music, and examine the music of several world music cultures and how they have entered into mainstream popular culture.	Humanities , Music, Film, and Audio
writing2	Writing II: Rhetorical Composing	Susan Delagrange, Cynthia Selfe, Kay Halasek, Ben McCorkle and Scott  Lloyd  DeWitt	The Ohio State University	Rhetorical Composing engages you in a series of interactive reading, research, and composing activities along with assignments designed to help you become more effective consumers and producers of alphabetic, visual and multimodal texts.  Join us to become more effective writers... and better citizens.	Humanities , Education
wrongfulconviction	Presumed Innocent? The Social Science of Wrongful Convictions		The Pennsylvania State University	The United States criminal justice system is typically an accurate and efficient system. Although, as a human creation, it is not perfect. This course will employ a social scientific perspective to understand why innocent people are sometimes convicted of crimes they did not commit. In this course we will discuss wrongful convictions, their causes, and their solutions.	Social Sciences, Law

